#
enquire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ergonomic	JJ POS	eng	eng
mclaggen	PM NOM	eng	eng
carney's	PM GEN	eng	eng
collecting	VB ING	eng	eng
surpasses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
circuitries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neuroimaging	VB ING	eng	eng
finishers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recalling	VB ING	eng	eng
self-pity	NN	eng	eng
waitress	NN	eng	eng
aboriginally	AB	eng	eng
shouts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
counterculture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
twins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dobbs	PM NOM	eng	eng
normalcy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waterjet	NN	eng	eng
whores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cross	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
advocacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feedback	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
secrecy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shipped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
childbirths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wheatsheaf	PM NOM	eng	eng
steak	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pews	PM GEN	eng	eng
unfamiliarly	AB	eng	eng
genld	PM NOM	eng	eng
starving	JJ POS	eng	eng
diagnose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gravitating	VB ING	eng	eng
owners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
egoistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
noxious	JJ POS	eng	eng
lower-income	JJ POS	eng	eng
paced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
votewatch	NN	eng	eng
attends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
adaptable	JJ POS	eng	eng
dualism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pleasing	VB ING	eng	eng
filters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
architectures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
activism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
life-style	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stay	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
three-quarters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hickothepooh	PM NOM	eng	eng
initiates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dissent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
berated	JJ	eng	eng
irishman	NN	eng	eng
quitter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subtitle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shaped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
doping	VB ING	eng	eng
gracey	PM NOM	eng	eng
familiar	JJ POS	eng	eng
academies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infra	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
touches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
desks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goalball	NN	eng	eng
nonsensical	JJ POS	eng	eng
supplying	VB ING	eng	eng
slowgold	PM NOM	eng	eng
establishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
soundbites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thaxted	PM NOM	eng	eng
signaling	VB ING	eng	eng
playboy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
weatherburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
heaped	VB	eng	eng
planing	VB ING	eng	eng
reassessed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
newswire	PM NOM	eng	eng
departments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
integrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fullpath	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
taoist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
normas	PM GEN	eng	eng
hillbillies	NN	eng	eng
pilgrim	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reductionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
councellings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
catholicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revere	VB	eng	eng
ploughed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
carroll	PM NOM	eng	eng
boole	PM NOM	eng	eng
energised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unbreakable	JJ	eng	eng
inflict	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
songwriters	NN	eng	eng
adalinds	PM GEN	eng	eng
divide	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lapse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
looted	VB	eng	eng
alleged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
todays	NN	eng	eng
post-trial	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nuttfall	PM NOM	eng	eng
plunder	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
falsities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
smile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spacious	JJ POS	eng	eng
fascinated	JJ POS	eng	eng
toured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
surveillance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
formalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
secrets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
launching	VB ING	eng	eng
avnet	PM NOM	eng	eng
cherek	PM NOM	eng	eng
clement's	PM GEN	eng	eng
zuckerberg	PM NOM	eng	eng
computing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resultsbased	JJ POS	eng	eng
artman	PM NOM	eng	eng
bayliner	PM NOM	eng	eng
physicalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alpha-numeric	JJ POS	eng	eng
conquers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contactable	JJ	eng	eng
schooling	VB	eng	eng
pharmacology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
littlejohn	PM NOM	eng	eng
minor	JJ POS	eng	eng
reinvest	VB	eng	eng
discovers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
one-fifth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rejections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neuropsychopathologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ifeachor	PM NOM	eng	eng
defunced	JJ	eng	eng
scholefield	PM NOM	eng	eng
heshe	PN	eng	eng
coerced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
resolves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
harder	JJ KOM	eng	eng
grave	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ascetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
underestimating	VB ING	eng	eng
post-war	JJ POS	eng	eng
acute	JJ POS	eng	eng
courtney's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nomological	JJ POS	eng	eng
mixer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perfected	JJ POS	eng	eng
eurowings	PM NOM	eng	eng
ecologically	AB	eng	eng
nurse-patient	NN	eng	eng
extended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
redraft	VB	eng	eng
pury	PM NOM	eng	eng
slytherins	PM GEN	eng	eng
traded	VB PAP	eng	eng
technology-tased	JJ POS	eng	eng
weathers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quad	PM NOM	eng	eng
tomography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitsun	NN	eng	eng
leat	NN	eng	eng
homo	JJ POS	eng	eng
eventuality	NN	eng	eng
landscapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shadowland	PM NOM	eng	eng
tabulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sherri	PM NOM	eng	eng
disequilibriums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
etho	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
taboo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inquiry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
topgear	PM NOM	eng	eng
influentially	AB	eng	eng
situated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
trips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ditching	VB	eng	eng
forget	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
joined-ups	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ceiling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hardy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
appointed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
drowning	VB ING	eng	eng
attendance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fertiliser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seeming	VB ING	eng	eng
ism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plaza	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lecturer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
duplicated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
entourage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
metaphorical	JJ POS	eng	eng
significant-other	JJ POS	eng	eng
unpardonable	JJ	eng	eng
concurrently	AB	eng	eng
numtums	PM NOM	eng	eng
cardiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
affect-reflective	JJ	eng	eng
greeks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
empowered	JJ POS	eng	eng
materialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
despises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
session	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infiltrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subscripts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inextricably	AB	eng	eng
homogeneously	AB	eng	eng
centipedes	NN	eng	eng
tringale	PM NOM	eng	eng
infinitely	AB	eng	eng
grews	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waged	JJ POS	eng	eng
coloring	VB ING	eng	eng
harringtons	PM GEN	eng	eng
cliff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rapping	VB ING	eng	eng
guis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
womb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
houseworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
assemble	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sportfive	PM NOM	eng	eng
sickly	AB	eng	eng
safe	JJ POS	eng	eng
cantlay	PM NOM	eng	eng
descendants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vindications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
microbiologically	AB	eng	eng
confine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
counterinsurgent	JJ POS	eng	eng
propagations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stanchfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
inter-american	JJ POS	eng	eng
warriors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supervises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
counterpoints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hermeneutic	JJ POS	eng	eng
audible	JJ POS	eng	eng
cetirizine	NN	eng	eng
funded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
catacombs	NN PLU	eng	eng
variably	AB	eng	eng
carries	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
roll	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
nauvoo	PM NOM	eng	eng
macphersons	PM NOM	eng	eng
churches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
later	JJ KOM	eng	eng
convulsive	JJ	eng	eng
islander	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
julia	PM NOM	eng	eng
collars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
computerization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
observer-as-participants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leah's	PM GEN	eng	eng
higdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
lovejoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
trainees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nucum	PM NOM	eng	eng
marilyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
sociometric	JJ POS	eng	eng
estimate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
classifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
north's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unintelligent	JJ	eng	eng
onion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repositories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stewart's	PM GEN	eng	eng
skye	PM NOM	eng	eng
endeavor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grammar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burnt	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unloads	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
documents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychical	JJ POS	eng	eng
perpetuations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
constitutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confinements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exquisitely	AB	eng	eng
competitor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wharfedale	PM NOM	eng	eng
warpigs	PM NOM	eng	eng
rosters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eighth	RO	eng	eng
reckoned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bravery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
admire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
incarnate	JJ	eng	eng
myra's	PM GEN	eng	eng
lynam	PM NOM	eng	eng
praying	VB ING	eng	eng
macky	PM NOM	eng	eng
low	JJ POS	eng	eng
bohonnon	PM NOM	eng	eng
respectfully	AB	eng	eng
note	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
statistics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
workgroup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yogurt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slaughtered	JJ POS	eng	eng
correspondent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jurists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ideal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aquaman	PM NOM	eng	eng
apprehensions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
implicitlies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
babies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
economies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flip	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
quaint	JJ POS	eng	eng
firmer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
harmonic	JJ	eng	eng
eventually	AB	eng	eng
upward	AB	eng	eng
summarily	AB	eng	eng
familiarize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
boychoir	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fragilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
artifact	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freeplay	NN	eng	eng
mouton	PM NOM	eng	eng
threefold	JJ POS	eng	eng
obviously	AB	eng	eng
stiffest	JJ	eng	eng
addon	NN	eng	eng
resembling	VB ING	eng	eng
archbishop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ellwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
microdynamics	NN	eng	eng
sighting	NN	eng	eng
hires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infant's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
townsman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
putatively	AB	eng	eng
lemonier	PM NOM	eng	eng
jett	PM NOM	eng	eng
macrays	PM NOM	eng	eng
unify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
impotent	JJ POS	eng	eng
creedence	PM NOM	eng	eng
draine	PM NOM	eng	eng
enter	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
singing	VB ING	eng	eng
unidroit	PM NOM	eng	eng
intervention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cottons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
culturalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fortress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vulnerabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kendalls	PM GEN	eng	eng
toys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dylan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
rigid	JJ POS	eng	eng
moderations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undercutting	VB ING	eng	eng
luckily	AB	eng	eng
weak	JJ POS	eng	eng
counterparts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fate	NN	eng	eng
subordinates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chauncey	PM NOM	eng	eng
scientifically	AB	eng	eng
weekly	AB	eng	eng
believe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
motorcycles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obsessional	JJ	eng	eng
staffordshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
encores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uptake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alternated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
woodys	PM NOM	eng	eng
drums	N PLU	eng	eng
ultraviolence	PM NOM	eng	eng
manifest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smythe's	PM GEN	eng	eng
powersleep	NN	eng	eng
uncommon	JJ POS	eng	eng
sanitary	JJ POS	eng	eng
thorough	JJ POS	eng	eng
personality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entrench	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
parietal	JJ POS	eng	eng
achieved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
affronts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cementing	VB ING	eng	eng
busey	PM NOM	eng	eng
ingeniously	AB	eng	eng
gatlin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
agile	JJ POS	eng	eng
unbiasedly	AB	eng	eng
opposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mrs.s	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greenstein	PM NOM	eng	eng
mechanical	JJ POS	eng	eng
clintons	PM GEN	eng	eng
quesenberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
hinge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dollydoo	PM NOM	eng	eng
bearimage	PM NOM	eng	eng
recognisable	JJ POS	eng	eng
nearing	JJ	eng	eng
safford	PM NOM	eng	eng
deathgame	NN	eng	eng
boil	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
assertions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
homestead	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rigour	JJ POS	eng	eng
intolerantly	AB	eng	eng
backings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brashear	PM NOM	eng	eng
bakes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hardiman	PM NOM	eng	eng
snack	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bread	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcconnells	PM GEN	eng	eng
percentage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breakout	NN	eng	eng
minnesota	PM NOM	eng	eng
quickness	NN	eng	eng
filene	PM NOM	eng	eng
quintessentially	AB	eng	eng
prediction	NN	eng	eng
sews	VB	eng	eng
possibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
childlike	JJ POS	eng	eng
empiricisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mascis	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-discrimination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discarded	VB PAP	eng	eng
channelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
anti-immigrant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
artisans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
watertown	PM NOM	eng	eng
breastcancer	NN	eng	eng
referential	JJ POS	eng	eng
abusively	AB	eng	eng
communalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mexican	PM NOM	eng	eng
kuhn	PM NOM	eng	eng
carriers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
atchley	PM NOM	eng	eng
violence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dashiell	PM NOM	eng	eng
customers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
farages	PM GEN	eng	eng
czech	JJ POS	eng	eng
cheerfully	AB	eng	eng
emitting	VB ING	eng	eng
cucumber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
personally	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trifle	NN	eng	eng
childfree	JJ	eng	eng
aromatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
skier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instilled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
kampgrounds	PM NOM	eng	eng
nedow	PM NOM	eng	eng
statist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guitarist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repatriations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sparks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
orleans	PM NOM	eng	eng
racecourse	NN	eng	eng
optimising	VB ING	eng	eng
english's	PM GEN	eng	eng
forgery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
following	VB ING	eng	eng
detection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
videofreex	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breitbart	PM NOM	eng	eng
breast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
walnut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lynnes	PM GEN	eng	eng
axiomatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
blackway	PM NOM	eng	eng
infidel	JJ	eng	eng
saucepan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ubiquitous	JJ POS	eng	eng
patriarch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
motionless	JJ	eng	eng
callow	PM NOM	eng	eng
alpine	JJ POS	eng	eng
neural	JJ POS	eng	eng
dwell	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consistencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phenomenas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recipients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
functionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
metal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
despotism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
existing	VB ING	eng	eng
maccannell	PM NOM	eng	eng
ngex	PM NOM	eng	eng
maternity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flanked	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
asians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mackay	PM NOM	eng	eng
inertias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lukewarmly	AB	eng	eng
treatment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lipid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transparent	JJ POS	eng	eng
decorated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
relevances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enclose	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trickykid	PM NOM	eng	eng
enquest	PM NOM	eng	eng
homogenizing	VB ING	eng	eng
awakened	JJ POS	eng	eng
hoping	VB ING	eng	eng
theorising	VB ING	eng	eng
taxing	VB ING	eng	eng
intend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cramped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
marketers	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
employee's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
web-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
mccoy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tunisian	JJ	eng	eng
bridget's	PM GEN	eng	eng
text-boxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commonest	JJ KOM	eng	eng
cohabitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deliveries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ridgehead	PM NOM	eng	eng
slaughters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whitty	JJ POS	eng	eng
prohibitively	AB	eng	eng
subpersonalities	NN PLU	eng	eng
much	AB	eng	eng
streamed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bodied	JJ POS	eng	eng
mid-nineteenth	JJ POS	eng	eng
improbable	JJ POS	eng	eng
accumulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
successive	JJ POS	eng	eng
confrontations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revolves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
minimalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transportation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lurleen	PM NOM	eng	eng
methodical	JJ POS	eng	eng
circumstantial	JJ POS	eng	eng
unites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hobbs	PM NOM	eng	eng
goodman	PM NOM	eng	eng
verses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sampling	VB ING	eng	eng
amuse	VB	eng	eng
coincidences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
garrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
disciplinarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quick-fixes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obstructions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
innovative	JJ POS	eng	eng
stoles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
immediate	JJ POS	eng	eng
foundations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
johnson	PM NOM	eng	eng
huge	JJ POS	eng	eng
neuropsychiatry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
credited	JJ POS	eng	eng
macinnes	PM NOM	eng	eng
arbiter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shafts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
huff's	PM GEN	eng	eng
worming	VB	eng	eng
disgruntled	JJ POS	eng	eng
macchio	PM NOM	eng	eng
titles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entirety	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
babymoney	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccabe	PM NOM	eng	eng
temp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sayings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
avebury	PM NOM	eng	eng
distastefully	AB	eng	eng
sympathies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ledgers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paralyzed	VB PAP	eng	eng
sinfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reagan	PM NOM	eng	eng
creases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
romans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blandly	AB	eng	eng
organizing	VB ING	eng	eng
adultlearning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
negativities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
langford	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissolves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
resiliencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
product-market	JJ POS	eng	eng
adjudicated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sociopolitical	JJ POS	eng	eng
prerequisites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plainly	AB	eng	eng
theories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prugh	PM NOM	eng	eng
carted	VB	eng	eng
enlightening	VB ING	eng	eng
highness	PM NOM	eng	eng
pharaoh's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
rival	JJ POS	eng	eng
conversation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
denby	PM NOM	eng	eng
mots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dotcoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cancellation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interrelated	JJ POS	eng	eng
regarded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
perpetually	AB	eng	eng
decorums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
antipsychotics	NN	eng	eng
astonishment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hynes	PM NOM	eng	eng
substates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
valuable	JJ POS	eng	eng
watering	VB ING	eng	eng
parks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shake	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
androcentric	JJ POS	eng	eng
unwritten	JJ POS	eng	eng
hertfordshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
undermine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
augustine's	PM GEN	eng	eng
victories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consortiums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leann	PM NOM	eng	eng
replacement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allegorical	JJ POS	eng	eng
impoverished	JJ POS	eng	eng
wools	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
performativities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
queerness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wing	PM NOM	eng	eng
proffered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
delineations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beware	VB	eng	eng
wave	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rallied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
university	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sexuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
broome	PM NOM	eng	eng
newness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poetry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gynecology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agrarian	JJ POS	eng	eng
bonds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yeast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newhart	PM NOM	eng	eng
entanglements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
facade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reciting	VB ING	eng	eng
metabolisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
promiscuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
supervision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lansdowne	PM NOM	eng	eng
sabbath	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pornochic	PM NOM	eng	eng
enters	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
philippians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weidman	PM NOM	eng	eng
carys	PM GEN	eng	eng
mclean	PM NOM	eng	eng
said	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cleancut	VB	eng	eng
strikeforce	PM NOM	eng	eng
jamieson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
lyth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
apostle	NN	eng	eng
lowrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
retaliated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
radiology	NN	eng	eng
sacred	JJ POS	eng	eng
exceedingly	AB	eng	eng
inaugurated	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
shakespeare's	PM GEN	eng	eng
population-based	JJ	eng	eng
honesty	AB	eng	eng
composed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
friendliness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inhibits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
centralisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treating	VB ING	eng	eng
antidiabetic	JJ	eng	eng
social-psychologically	AB	eng	eng
day's	PM GEN	eng	eng
auddly	PM NOM	eng	eng
art	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boyhood	NN	eng	eng
disaggregated	JJ POS	eng	eng
philosophic	JJ POS	eng	eng
embassy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gladstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
extremely	AB	eng	eng
refutations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yielded	VB PAP	eng	eng
irregularity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aries	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
determinants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contextually	AB	eng	eng
allures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
okay	IN	eng	eng
genzyme	PM NOM	eng	eng
silhouettes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sanctity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indemnities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
urinary	JJ POS	eng	eng
goodtechs	PM NOM	eng	eng
peppercorns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reporters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
imagine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
monastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
nation-states	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
braininjured	JJ	eng	eng
identifiable	JJ POS	eng	eng
woody	PM NOM	eng	eng
goodyear	PM NOM	eng	eng
thereto	AB	eng	eng
commodities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fertility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
epistemologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thornthwaite	PM NOM	eng	eng
contemplation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thinker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aristocracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hawkgirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
cybersuicide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shifting	VB ING	eng	eng
charactaristics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distinguishable	JJ POS	eng	eng
puzzling	JJ POS	eng	eng
recycles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
elm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feed	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bussed	VB	eng	eng
worldgoals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hinges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
remediation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lasting	VB ING	eng	eng
iowas	PM GEN	eng	eng
striated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
specifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undermines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
yens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entrenchments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
womans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
totemic	JJ POS	eng	eng
mentalization-based	JJ	eng	eng
largely	AB	eng	eng
hepburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
lips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outweigh	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beezie	PM NOM	eng	eng
incarnation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
had	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mediate	JJ POS	eng	eng
playahead	PM NOM	eng	eng
snacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shuckforth	PM NOM	eng	eng
breads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
salesforce	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slaughter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freeway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
speedy	JJ POS	eng	eng
spark	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
worries	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
steeling	VB ING	eng	eng
newsworthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
colonels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jumps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bankruptcies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greenfee	PM NOM	eng	eng
whittier	PM NOM	eng	eng
czechs	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foodfight	NN	eng	eng
distinguishes	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
v-day	PM NOM	eng	eng
encultured	JJ POS	eng	eng
prologues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
longfellow	PM NOM	eng	eng
motives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pureness	NN	eng	eng
becomes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
marwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
i've	VB	eng	eng
neutralizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
capturing	VB ING	eng	eng
contemptuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
unapologetically	AB	eng	eng
freeloader	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rainbow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proliferated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
treadway	PM NOM	eng	eng
dress-up	VB	eng	eng
repeat	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dealt	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
asian	JJ POS	eng	eng
bucks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accidental	JJ POS	eng	eng
squid	NN	eng	eng
ecclesial	JJ POS	eng	eng
lipids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monocyte	NN	eng	eng
headteahcers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undergo	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
crush	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adventurous	JJ POS	eng	eng
earhart	PM NOM	eng	eng
rapidly	AB	eng	eng
dwells	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
one	RO	eng	eng
dispositional	JJ POS	eng	eng
coders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rees	PM NOM	eng	eng
ngos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
metals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
complicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
precedence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theory-theory	NN	eng	eng
moran	PM NOM	eng	eng
postmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
booty	NN	eng	eng
fairplay	NN	eng	eng
internalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
childishly	AB	eng	eng
guitarists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rehabilitate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
electrophysiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
underestimated	JJ POS	eng	eng
intervened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nosology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leege	PM NOM	eng	eng
zionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chooks	NN PLU	eng	eng
lincolnshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
woolfolk	PM NOM	eng	eng
immunologically	AB	eng	eng
clientcentered	NN	eng	eng
pipeline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
massacred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
years	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strongly	AB	eng	eng
automation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
senators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allen	PM NOM	eng	eng
oakleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
israelis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
westminster's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dolphins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
learner's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
componential	JJ POS	eng	eng
chapelfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
physician's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
hettienne	PM NOM	eng	eng
licensee	NN	eng	eng
precipitates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
minnesotas	PM GEN	eng	eng
dunkerley	PM NOM	eng	eng
metaphysical	JJ POS	eng	eng
edmonds	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcconnell	PM NOM	eng	eng
discounts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reigning	VB ING	eng	eng
consider	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
umask	NN	eng	eng
worlds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
respectability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
checking	VB ING	eng	eng
sagacious	PM NOM	eng	eng
amuses	VB HSI	eng	eng
observances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relevance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
operator's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
exactly	AB	eng	eng
forager	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
played	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
treatments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discernment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
profits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
propionibacterium	NN	eng	eng
egyptians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stole	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
keywords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
integration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wollacott	PM NOM	eng	eng
commonplace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
despotisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
verse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recipient	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phenomena	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
duck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
painstaking	JJ POS	eng	eng
goal-orientedly	AB	eng	eng
subculturally	AB	eng	eng
waterproof	JJ	eng	eng
title	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wonders	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
naps	NN PLU	eng	eng
weakest	JJ KOM	eng	eng
prevalently	AB	eng	eng
spawned	JJ POS	eng	eng
defied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
albumin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
geographical	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcneice	PM NOM	eng	eng
ojais	PM GEN	eng	eng
breitbarts	PM GEN	eng	eng
criminalised	VB	eng	eng
brittish	JJ POS	eng	eng
detections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
promotionally	AB	eng	eng
coley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcburney	PM NOM	eng	eng
shaft	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
algeria	PM NOM	eng	eng
piercing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inconclusive	JJ POS	eng	eng
unsophisticated	JJ POS	eng	eng
humanware	PM NOM	eng	eng
romances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mercenaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
circles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knight	PM NOM	eng	eng
powered	JJ POS	eng	eng
diversifying	VB ING	eng	eng
exaggeratedly	AB	eng	eng
believers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reschedule	VB	eng	eng
mobilisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonjudgmental	JJ POS	eng	eng
arterial	JJ POS	eng	eng
copes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
afterschoolprograms	NN PLU	eng	eng
transpersonal	JJ POS	eng	eng
precondition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inherit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
roman	JJ POS	eng	eng
pivotal	JJ POS	eng	eng
looming	VB ING	eng	eng
kierston	PM NOM	eng	eng
whitby	PM NOM	eng	eng
affect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
surgically	AB	eng	eng
cationic	JJ	eng	eng
superskinny	JJ	eng	eng
shakes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
edgeware	VB	eng	eng
browne's	PM GEN	eng	eng
analogical	JJ POS	eng	eng
cleaninglady	NN	eng	eng
internationalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caucasus	PM NOM	eng	eng
rivals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
totally	AB	eng	eng
writebol	PM NOM	eng	eng
interrelationship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
homesteads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
puts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pointing	VB ING	eng	eng
brussels	PM NOM	eng	eng
brayman	PM NOM	eng	eng
assertion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcloyd	PM NOM	eng	eng
polarities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penile	JJ POS	eng	eng
getting	VB ING	eng	eng
wike	PM NOM	eng	eng
exhortations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transfer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bittersweet	JJ	eng	eng
denigrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
irritating	JJ POS	eng	eng
outdated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
parol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strategized	JJ POS	eng	eng
marlowe's	PM GEN	eng	eng
knightfall	NN	eng	eng
courtenay	PM NOM	eng	eng
yeasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stuey	PM NOM	eng	eng
frequencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tynes	PM NOM	eng	eng
ferry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
et	UN	eng	eng
heart-burn	NN	eng	eng
well-educated	JJ POS	eng	eng
three	RG	eng	eng
goldbart	PM NOM	eng	eng
maniacs	NN	eng	eng
enroll	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
paradigms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keenlyside	PM NOM	eng	eng
furthered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
archaelogy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dominos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eardrum	NN	eng	eng
hankins	PM NOM	eng	eng
recyctec	PM NOM	eng	eng
northover	JJ	eng	eng
shout	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
towering	VB ING	eng	eng
sowry	PM NOM	eng	eng
nociceptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
six-year-old	NN	eng	eng
mythologically	AB	eng	eng
dogboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
cove	NN	eng	eng
whore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
storytime	NN	eng	eng
impurity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
makeups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nontoxic	JJ	eng	eng
bluetec	PM NOM	eng	eng
woozley	PM NOM	eng	eng
taller	JJ KOM	eng	eng
teegarden	NN NEU PLU IND NOM	eng	eng
melanesian	JJ POS	eng	eng
societies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incapable	JJ POS	eng	eng
thermodynamic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-statements	NN	eng	eng
flower	PM NOM	eng	eng
rulings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abuser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dessert	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maurice	PM NOM	eng	eng
nutcracker	NN	eng	eng
excellently	AB	eng	eng
extermination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forensic	JJ POS	eng	eng
callahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
steaks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
universes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loveridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
squat	NN	eng	eng
take	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
soared	JJ POS	eng	eng
owner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
saline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mammoth	NN	eng	eng
humbled	VB	eng	eng
sixties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
debilitating	VB ING	eng	eng
reactivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dualists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
surrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-christian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
archangel	PM NOM	eng	eng
mission	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parented	VB	eng	eng
swot	PM NOM	eng	eng
repealing	VB ING	eng	eng
importers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ledge	NN	eng	eng
mcandrew	PM NOM	eng	eng
glorifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
utopia's	PM GEN	eng	eng
thoracic	JJ	eng	eng
mcquillan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stammering	NN	eng	eng
vociferous	JJ POS	eng	eng
iconic	JJ POS	eng	eng
double-looper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thwarting	VB ING	eng	eng
sport	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stormed	VB PRT	eng	eng
bounding	VB	eng	eng
workgroups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
norma	PM NOM	eng	eng
statistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
refreshed	VB PRT	eng	eng
ever-increasing	JJ POS	eng	eng
rebelliously	AB	eng	eng
spectres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hang	VB PST	eng	eng
documentary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neurovive	PM NOM	eng	eng
throne	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fathers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
windstorm	NN	eng	eng
post-colonialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shortcut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
predominate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subscript	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fairies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
mathematician	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
single-party	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kidney	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phobe	PM NOM	eng	eng
reaching	VB ING	eng	eng
lapses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bodice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misrepresentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embark	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
genderbiased	JJ POS	eng	eng
footstep	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entourages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
windborne	AB	eng	eng
quantity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quality-of-life	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
virginia's	PM GEN	eng	eng
deviantly	AB	eng	eng
hyperbaric	JJ	eng	eng
roadrunner	PM NOM	eng	eng
collated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sultans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dreaming	VB ING	eng	eng
joined-up	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
subservience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distilled	JJ POS	eng	eng
reenacting	VB	eng	eng
funky	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychosomatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
shamefully	AB	eng	eng
amaranthe	PM NOM	eng	eng
haliwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
ill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vestige	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ineffectual	JJ POS	eng	eng
landscape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hearer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
record-keeping	VB ING	eng	eng
smiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frazee	PM NOM	eng	eng
apley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mystical	JJ POS	eng	eng
traduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cosmologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paid	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
turnovers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multiserv	PM NOM	eng	eng
lipsedge	PM NOM	eng	eng
toils	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
plus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
individual's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
o'reilly	PM NOM	eng	eng
scoping	VB ING	eng	eng
strenuously	AB	eng	eng
longhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
hayride	PM NOM	eng	eng
lawlinks	PM NOM	eng	eng
scotsman	PM NOM	eng	eng
nudities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supervise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
caffeine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
squires	NN	eng	eng
unilateral	JJ POS	eng	eng
minors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
troublingly	AB	eng	eng
premiss	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
policing	VB ING	eng	eng
mixers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
governmentality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
answerable	JJ POS	eng	eng
housework	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cuisine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
touchback	NN	eng	eng
ok	AB	eng	eng
mccandless	PM NOM	eng	eng
steampunk	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
client's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
problem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
graves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
analgesic	JJ POS	eng	eng
max	PM NOM	eng	eng
malignant	JJ POS	eng	eng
ensuring	VB ING	eng	eng
centipede	NN	eng	eng
stops	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deservingness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
volumes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
desire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
taboos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nonsenses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trafford	PM NOM	eng	eng
obediently	AB	eng	eng
samenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
computings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
church	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drizzle	NN	eng	eng
maclemore	PM NOM	eng	eng
whaley	PM NOM	eng	eng
protracted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cornwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
akroyd	PM NOM	eng	eng
costigan	PM NOM	eng	eng
crosstalk	PM NOM	eng	eng
casual	JJ POS	eng	eng
central	JJ POS	eng	eng
on-site	JJ POS	eng	eng
greek	PM NOM	eng	eng
stryder	PM NOM	eng	eng
buns	NN PLU	eng	eng
homicide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colophons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enrollment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reestablishing	VB ING	eng	eng
circumferences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gorbachev	PM NOM	eng	eng
apologized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
drawbacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brandscapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
murdered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pinkwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
comment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plazas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
two-person	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compiler	NN	eng	eng
earner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slytherin	PM NOM	eng	eng
mother	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
within-subject	NN	eng	eng
deeper	JJ KOM	eng	eng
contented	VB PAP	eng	eng
earths	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
unsteadily	AB	eng	eng
europeanized	JJ POS	eng	eng
synthesized	JJ POS	eng	eng
cliffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lathrop	PM NOM	eng	eng
versatile	JJ POS	eng	eng
categorises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ecclesiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inside	AB	eng	eng
silicone	NN	eng	eng
assessing	VB ING	eng	eng
coolly	AB	eng	eng
impediment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
potentially	AB	eng	eng
galway	PM NOM	eng	eng
copied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
worsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
newell	PM NOM	eng	eng
goolishian	JJ	eng	eng
postmodernisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
juncture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rejection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waiver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
micro-politics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cross-culturally	AB	eng	eng
factory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bubbleball	PM NOM	eng	eng
beg.	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
manorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
robbed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mingling	VB ING	eng	eng
consensuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
louis	PM NOM	eng	eng
machines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
giles	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccain	PM NOM	eng	eng
marking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lit	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
one-dimensionally	AB	eng	eng
jarhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
lexical	JJ POS	eng	eng
men's	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
succesions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
onions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
windows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rehabilitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reproach	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
displayed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pitched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
terraces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
writings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stereoscope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
payback	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
straightened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jeffry	PM NOM	eng	eng
crowding	PM NOM	eng	eng
candle	NN	eng	eng
specialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
analytic	JJ POS	eng	eng
horizontally	AB	eng	eng
wares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whalley	PM NOM	eng	eng
transformatively	AB	eng	eng
integrationists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dain	PM NOM	eng	eng
resources	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccutchins	PM NOM	eng	eng
tejay	PM NOM	eng	eng
anthem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
popular	JJ POS	eng	eng
preadolescent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
powling	PM NOM	eng	eng
ergonomics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coexistences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apexes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
integrates	VB HSI	eng	eng
guiding	VB ING	eng	eng
swimmers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ideals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
irrelevant	JJ POS	eng	eng
subjectively	AB	eng	eng
whitneys	PM GEN	eng	eng
arrives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
absolutists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
damergi	PM NOM	eng	eng
unconvincingly	AB	eng	eng
cashmore	NN	eng	eng
lets	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
underscore	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
longley	PM NOM	eng	eng
dwindling	VB ING	eng	eng
cohen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
soundbite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bashing	VB ING	eng	eng
recommences	VB	eng	eng
convey	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rationalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delighting	VB	eng	eng
liberalise	VB	eng	eng
niaid	PM NOM	eng	eng
twell	PM NOM	eng	eng
pearse	PM NOM	eng	eng
fudge	PM NOM	eng	eng
watching	VB ING	eng	eng
insomnia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bestowed	JJ POS	eng	eng
india	PM NOM	eng	eng
lettuce	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
resales	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
neurologically	AB	eng	eng
overturns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pennebaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
traumas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spearing	NN	eng	eng
cheating	VB ING	eng	eng
inconvenience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
digest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
of	PP	eng	eng
lusty	JJ	eng	eng
peopletrack	NN	eng	eng
notables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
selfreflections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
democracy's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
lynleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
insignificantly	AB	eng	eng
acrimonious	JJ	eng	eng
outweighs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
judiciary	JJ POS	eng	eng
contingency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compartments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pinched	VB PRT	eng	eng
conneticut	PM NOM	eng	eng
rationales	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kinlaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
barometer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prologue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exiles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
puberties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transference-countertransference	NN	eng	eng
participant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
piled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cocoon	NN	eng	eng
biologic	JJ POS	eng	eng
darkest	JJ	eng	eng
stripped	JJ POS	eng	eng
god	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
butterworth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mercury	PM NOM	eng	eng
allowable	JJ POS	eng	eng
prefered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bostridges	PM GEN	eng	eng
forgo	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
graced	VB	eng	eng
fatfreezing	NN	eng	eng
chickens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tilbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
plunged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
brightbill	PM NOM	eng	eng
amphetamines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
top-down	JJ POS	eng	eng
gems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mere	JJ POS	eng	eng
wizards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gruesome	JJ POS	eng	eng
muriel	PM NOM	eng	eng
godsway	PM NOM	eng	eng
tuberculosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
laraway	PM NOM	eng	eng
forum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attlee's	PM GEN	eng	eng
chemistry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
landed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
biopharmaceutical	JJ	eng	eng
amways	PM GEN	eng	eng
provocative	JJ POS	eng	eng
philippine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jubilees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
schizophrenia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
wytham	PM NOM	eng	eng
clyburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
floreys	PM GEN	eng	eng
heath	PM NOM	eng	eng
housewares	NN	eng	eng
retrospectively	AB	eng	eng
porch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trek	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
broomfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
gastic	JJ	eng	eng
baltic	JJ POS	eng	eng
byzantine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
first-year	JJ POS	eng	eng
teaze	PM NOM	eng	eng
grassroot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
connors	PM NOM	eng	eng
dummies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acceding	VB ING	eng	eng
recursive	JJ POS	eng	eng
paws	NN PLU	eng	eng
specialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newspapers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
render	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
across	PP	eng	eng
legitimating	VB ING	eng	eng
predictive	JJ POS	eng	eng
elwes	PM NOM	eng	eng
citizens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chorines	NN	eng	eng
contemporaneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
campaigners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rescuing	VB ING	eng	eng
hufton	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoogman	PM NOM	eng	eng
dreamgirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
wilberforce	PM NOM	eng	eng
fort	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
talent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wellbrock	PM NOM	eng	eng
admissions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
immemorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
kincaid	PM NOM	eng	eng
praised	JJ POS	eng	eng
supplemental	JJ POS	eng	eng
stull	PM NOM	eng	eng
formalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
committees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gaynes	PM NOM	eng	eng
naturalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
synthesises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unobservable	JJ POS	eng	eng
contributor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reporter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fortnights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
promulgation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grasshoppers	NN PLU	eng	eng
devonshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wyvern	PM NOM	eng	eng
mystery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goodtech	PM NOM	eng	eng
encountering	VB ING	eng	eng
trail	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
high-quality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychobiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
excitatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
directness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prisoner's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
superfluous	JJ POS	eng	eng
sacket	PM NOM	eng	eng
brothels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
schema	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
systolic	JJ	eng	eng
shocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
applying	VB ING	eng	eng
eyed	VB	eng	eng
guitar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
powerlessly	AB	eng	eng
chagford	PM NOM	eng	eng
monteith	PM NOM	eng	eng
all-important	JJ POS	eng	eng
experience-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
council's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
absolutisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
albrighton	PM NOM	eng	eng
hypothesize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
suns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
categorized	JJ POS	eng	eng
shnapir	PM NOM	eng	eng
yep	IN	eng	eng
so	AB	eng	eng
internship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trickling	VB ING	eng	eng
instigates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
middleburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
wallpaper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flatcoat	NN	eng	eng
sarah's	PM GEN	eng	eng
incurring	VB ING	eng	eng
oxen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
professionalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inuit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cataloging-in-publication	NN	eng	eng
determined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
macro-economic	JJ POS	eng	eng
minimised	VB PAP	eng	eng
ordinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impeding	VB ING	eng	eng
believer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dynamical	JJ	eng	eng
inadvertent	JJ POS	eng	eng
mobs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
curving	VB	eng	eng
pankhursts	PM GEN	eng	eng
phonologically	AB	eng	eng
todays	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
mccullers	PM NOM	eng	eng
camel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
optics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
succession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
six	RG	eng	eng
felt	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
palm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fawzy	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychiatrists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
syntactic	JJ POS	eng	eng
libido	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anthropologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
growed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
confederates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reconstructs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
doubts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
admitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
negligible	JJ POS	eng	eng
innovation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dragonheart	PM NOM	eng	eng
transfers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcfall	PM NOM	eng	eng
intermediately	AB	eng	eng
sub-regions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whether	KN	eng	eng
prentice-hall	PM NOM	eng	eng
balsom	PM NOM	eng	eng
winehouses	PM GEN	eng	eng
seawalken	PM NOM	eng	eng
bumpyfeet	PM NOM	eng	eng
co-existing	VB ING	eng	eng
goldies	PM GEN	eng	eng
strove	VB PST	eng	eng
jukes	PM GEN	eng	eng
multiplications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
about	PP	eng	eng
preempted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lifecycles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discursive	JJ POS	eng	eng
noemets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ashwill	PM NOM	eng	eng
manning's	PM GEN	eng	eng
quotas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pressing	VB ING	eng	eng
paradigm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hp-ways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tenancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intelligibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
streptococci	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
havens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
microsofts	PM GEN	eng	eng
stained	JJ POS	eng	eng
tuberous	JJ	eng	eng
pipelines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
guests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emperor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
satins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jaraun	PM NOM	eng	eng
readiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
permitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
meditations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unstated	JJ POS	eng	eng
otherwise	AB	eng	eng
vodkas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macbeth	PM NOM	eng	eng
tangled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dampest	JJ	eng	eng
self-soothing	NN	eng	eng
among	PP	eng	eng
deforestation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clubbing	VB	eng	eng
repairing	VB ING	eng	eng
post-functionalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harbarth	PM NOM	eng	eng
stuff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uplands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compressed	JJ POS	eng	eng
discount	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
considers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
stephen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ensued	JJ POS	eng	eng
reforms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spill	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
residentially	AB	eng	eng
licensees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
two-shoes	PM NOM	eng	eng
uniformly	AB	eng	eng
blurs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
black-and-white	JJ POS	eng	eng
eclecticisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cant	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sounding	VB ING	eng	eng
wash	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
faythes	PM GEN	eng	eng
dowsett	PM NOM	eng	eng
ellsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
connally	PM NOM	eng	eng
dosage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
normalising	VB	eng	eng
promiscuity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mole	PM NOM	eng	eng
prevail	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
priorities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boozt	PM NOM	eng	eng
egyptian	JJ	eng	eng
cabbages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
arrowhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
unsettling	JJ POS	eng	eng
coherent	JJ POS	eng	eng
parentally	AB	eng	eng
animals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refrigerating	VB ING	eng	eng
burdened	JJ POS	eng	eng
interrupting	VB ING	eng	eng
appreciatively	AB	eng	eng
piercings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
playfair	PM NOM	eng	eng
enthymem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
schoolmates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
happened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reducing	VB ING	eng	eng
generators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
small-dice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
civil	JJ POS	eng	eng
wedded	VB PAP	eng	eng
complement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
efficacious	JJ POS	eng	eng
holder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
off	AB	eng	eng
muscleman	PM NOM	eng	eng
midwife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
welcome	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
verb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buddy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nuer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intentionally	AB	eng	eng
montego	PM NOM	eng	eng
sibling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coble	PM NOM	eng	eng
lecture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
laurels	PM GEN	eng	eng
glossary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forebears	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sculley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
darrel	PM NOM	eng	eng
criminologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
physics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
footsteps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hurries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
twilight	NN	eng	eng
glories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broad-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
pessimisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shortcuts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
procreation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allowances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intensification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcmaster's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mccarron	PM NOM	eng	eng
fieldnotes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jarred	PM NOM	eng	eng
repelling	VB ING	eng	eng
regime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expanses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
turnover	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perner	pM NOM	eng	eng
stillwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
deontological	JJ POS	eng	eng
floor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thrive	JJ POS	eng	eng
perfectionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gooding	PM NOM	eng	eng
occuring	VB ING	eng	eng
visiting	VB ING	eng	eng
cardiomyopathy	NN	eng	eng
modality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chinery	PM NOM	eng	eng
naming	VB ING	eng	eng
imaginatively	AB	eng	eng
impoverishment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
honeymoon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
background	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
celgene	PM NOM	eng	eng
corporatist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unconnectedly	AB	eng	eng
flaws	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drinks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mantoqueen	PM NOM	eng	eng
strengthened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
purest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
briefer	NN	eng	eng
qruiser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wondercool	JJ POS UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
attributable	JJ POS	eng	eng
brazelton	PM NOM	eng	eng
packet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
consultants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldwing	PM NOM	eng	eng
cycles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
widest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
outcomes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
doherty's	PM GEN	eng	eng
whatever	AB	eng	eng
markups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deliverances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scrapping	VB ING	eng	eng
stuart	PM NOM	eng	eng
triglycerides	NN PLU	eng	eng
pipe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ejaculating	VB	eng	eng
wag	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
instigation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ledgerwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
symbolizing	VB ING	eng	eng
confirm	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
indifferently	AB	eng	eng
informatively	AB	eng	eng
wait-list	NN	eng	eng
echoes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
public-service	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mott	PM NOM	eng	eng
tipped	VB PRT	eng	eng
willingnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inpatients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
figuring	VB ING	eng	eng
mockingjay	PM NOM	eng	eng
wait	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
caved	VB	eng	eng
crosby	PM NOM	eng	eng
china's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bearse	PM NOM	eng	eng
hollway	PM NOM	eng	eng
fantastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
illuminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dictates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
opaque	JJ POS	eng	eng
spyder	PM NOM	eng	eng
activity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hugh	PM NOM	eng	eng
dursley	PM NOM	eng	eng
floater	NN	eng	eng
nagle	PM NOM	eng	eng
slowfashion	PM NOM	eng	eng
penroses	PM GEN	eng	eng
robotics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldseeker	NN	eng	eng
expropriation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dilbaeightr	PM NOM	eng	eng
universe	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vagary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hustler	PM NOM	eng	eng
weeded	VB PRT	eng	eng
pragmatics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forensics	JJ	eng	eng
steuart's	PM GEN	eng	eng
lowest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
rubys	PM GEN	eng	eng
program's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
hot-time	PM NOM	eng	eng
reestablish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
realizable	JJ POS	eng	eng
vendor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wheelan	PM NOM	eng	eng
cheeses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
serve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
grammatology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agnosias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lears	PM GEN	eng	eng
conditionality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
browned	VB	eng	eng
morale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
importer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
polled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
preventing	VB ING	eng	eng
bowling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
garnishes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
haddon	PM NOM	eng	eng
flavors	NN PLU	eng	eng
condemns	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
genres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
norepinephrine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcallen	PM NOM	eng	eng
injustices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suburgatory	PM NOM	eng	eng
pattie	PM NOM	eng	eng
intelligence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thurlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
eagleson	PM NOM	eng	eng
pirate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
layton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tabernacle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allele	NN	eng	eng
hyperalgesia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
matched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fireball	NN	eng	eng
relinquishing	VB ING	eng	eng
absorbed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
damiens	PM GEN	eng	eng
example	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
royaldoodle	PM NOM	eng	eng
skymaster	PM NOM	eng	eng
persecutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rediscovered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
apologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
superhuman	JJ	eng	eng
contextualisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scapegoats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pounding	VB ING	eng	eng
culprits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
urgencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bragg	PM NOM	eng	eng
omniverse	PM NOM	eng	eng
vanishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mentalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
holeman	PM NOM	eng	eng
perks	NN	eng	eng
abatement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
solidify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
depictions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
administer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
passion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resource	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
competed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lute	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cormack	PM NOM	eng	eng
enquirer	NN	eng	eng
drakeford	PM NOM	eng	eng
image	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sintercast	PM NOM	eng	eng
chasm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fanaticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rowes	PM GEN	eng	eng
decision-makings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
analytics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rickles	PM NOM	eng	eng
pristine	JJ POS	eng	eng
counteract	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undoubted	JJ POS	eng	eng
bibliographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
solve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
flowstarter	PM NOM	eng	eng
low-level	JJ POS	eng	eng
sucks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
death	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chucky	PM NOM	eng	eng
crowe's	PM GEN	eng	eng
courteously	AB	eng	eng
undercapitalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
exercisers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
institutionalise	VB	eng	eng
ridgebury	PM NOM	eng	eng
grainne	PM NOM	eng	eng
atlanta	PM NOM	eng	eng
absences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sives	PM NOM	eng	eng
vow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infrastructures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
guaranteed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
neutralised	VB PRT	eng	eng
anti-semitic	JJ POS	eng	eng
unravelling	VB ING	eng	eng
lankshear	PM NOM	eng	eng
outhwaite	PM NOM	eng	eng
lancelot	PM NOM	eng	eng
aching	VB	eng	eng
rotational	JJ	eng	eng
rielly	PM NOM	eng	eng
professionalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conjugal	JJ POS	eng	eng
infringement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expressionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
configured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-mutilation	NN	eng	eng
arab	JJ POS	eng	eng
backbenchers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overturn	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
colony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hucklebridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
imprisoned	JJ POS	eng	eng
enhances	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
burglaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disclosures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hampshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
newby's	PM GEN	eng	eng
camrose	PM NOM	eng	eng
handfuls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contacted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
that's	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
muscles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dogged	JJ POS	eng	eng
germs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcleods	PM NOM	eng	eng
admit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
preserved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
harlow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
insulating	VB ING	eng	eng
introduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ineffectiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contingent	JJ POS	eng	eng
windson	PM NOM	eng	eng
oaks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collaborated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
blades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
safeguarding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
factorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
amygdaloids	PM NOM	eng	eng
sliced	JJ POS	eng	eng
manchest	AB	eng	eng
readjustment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heartsick	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonsense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
untenable	JJ POS	eng	eng
administrative	JJ POS	eng	eng
backlogs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neo-realism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impairing	VB ING	eng	eng
valutec	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcluhan	PM NOM	eng	eng
bushy	JJ	eng	eng
classroom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fairlink	NN	eng	eng
drawback	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
symptomatologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
caravelles	PM GEN	eng	eng
weissburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
warden	PM NOM	eng	eng
machinist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allone	PM NOM	eng	eng
abstractness	NN	eng	eng
steward's	PM GEN	eng	eng
homicides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colophon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
options	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
magnates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prospectuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minuscules	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phantasies	NN PLU	eng	eng
forgiven	JJ POS	eng	eng
finley	PM NOM	eng	eng
wishes	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
semblances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
medicinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
distributes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pranked	PM NOM	eng	eng
assumption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leonowens	PM NOM	eng	eng
alleviate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unchained	JJ	eng	eng
unruly	JJ POS	eng	eng
chocolate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emails	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cricopharyngeus	PM NOM	eng	eng
re-excluding	VB ING	eng	eng
confers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
kirkman	PM NOM	eng	eng
forbes	PM NOM	eng	eng
sleep	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
separately	AB	eng	eng
forty-fifth	RO	eng	eng
stratification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fractionations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bluegrass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitehurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
postscripts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
filesystem	NN	eng	eng
brutalization	NN	eng	eng
pleasantness	NN	eng	eng
he'll	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
macedonia	PM NOM	eng	eng
thrust	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
televisually	AB	eng	eng
dumbest	JJ	eng	eng
mistakenly	AB	eng	eng
twerking	JJ	eng	eng
junctures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emphasise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
thereafter	AB	eng	eng
measurement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carnaval	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moratoriums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buttress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rush's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cottonwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
pooles	PM NOM	eng	eng
weapon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
soundsystems	NN PLU	eng	eng
benefited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
endings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcelhinney	PM NOM	eng	eng
derogation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stumbled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
maleness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caliphs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minuscule	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
therapist-patient	NN	eng	eng
soho	PM NOM	eng	eng
prevalence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adversely	AB	eng	eng
consequence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lighthouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
heath-lexington's	PM GEN	eng	eng
square	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
graciously	AB	eng	eng
cosh	PM NOM	eng	eng
exigency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spaghetti	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eaglewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
machinists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minimalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incoherence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
darwich	PM NOM	eng	eng
carrington	PM NOM	eng	eng
caravelle	PM NOM	eng	eng
dublin	PM NOM	eng	eng
compile	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
constructivist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
classrooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cartesian	JJ POS	eng	eng
hunts	NN	eng	eng
conjectural	JJ POS	eng	eng
oscillations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intent-to-treat	NN	eng	eng
stared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
valor	NN	eng	eng
phone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cancer-related	JJ	eng	eng
indefensible	JJ POS	eng	eng
macdonell	PM NOM	eng	eng
sexualisation	NN	eng	eng
managers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
urethane's	PM GEN	eng	eng
synergy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dee	PM NOM	eng	eng
pyne	PM NOM	eng	eng
bordered	JJ	eng	eng
floors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whiteout	PM NOM	eng	eng
ministerial	JJ POS	eng	eng
armenia	PM NOM	eng	eng
everwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
transformations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cycle	NN	eng	eng
powdery	JJ	eng	eng
deputies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diligence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
governances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
batmans	PM GEN	eng	eng
wichita	PM NOM	eng	eng
savageries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tenderpoints	NN	eng	eng
villages	NN	eng	eng
carey	PM NOM	eng	eng
drink	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jane's	PM GEN	eng	eng
availabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contextualise	VB	eng	eng
plateau	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reinvests	VB	eng	eng
emphasises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
discover	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
predilection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
firm's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
boosting	VB ING	eng	eng
sinister	JJ POS	eng	eng
proportionalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ecocities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bereavements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
package	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
narratology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
libidinally	AB	eng	eng
chapel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
habitator	NN	eng	eng
strap-on	NN	eng	eng
ayoade	PM NOM	eng	eng
duffy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dooling	PM NOM	eng	eng
weaving	VB ING	eng	eng
multicultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
institutionalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marginal	JJ POS	eng	eng
nontherapeutic	JJ	eng	eng
bowrider	PM NOM	eng	eng
chocolates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fateful	JJ POS	eng	eng
left	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
judys	PM GEN	eng	eng
alleviates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
angled	VB	eng	eng
helton	PM NOM	eng	eng
bubble	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discursivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
latinworld	PM NOM	eng	eng
quality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
semblance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ascribed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fruitlessly	AB	eng	eng
mclellan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
feedbacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-directed	JJ POS	eng	eng
tacitly	AB	eng	eng
pickering	VB ING	eng	eng
improving	VB	eng	eng
genealogies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
invites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
skywaves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tigerfeet	PM NOM	eng	eng
robustly	AB	eng	eng
introduced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
finisher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overkill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outperforms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lymphoid	NN	eng	eng
depiction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
updated	JJ POS	eng	eng
dumb	JJ POS	eng	eng
discord	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
persecutory	JJ	eng	eng
greco-roman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bottle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abatements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wreckage	NN	eng	eng
eschewing	VB ING	eng	eng
amalgamations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hartwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
pre-post	JJ POS	eng	eng
koldyke	PM NOM	eng	eng
fijian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overfeeding	VB	eng	eng
serves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
charlottesville	PM NOM	eng	eng
tilted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
supercoiling	VB	eng	eng
during's	PM GEN	eng	eng
subcortical	JJ POS	eng	eng
diagnoses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laziest	JJ	eng	eng
flattrack	NN	eng	eng
scapegoat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
espresious	PM NOM	eng	eng
cue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncovered	JJ POS	eng	eng
avionics	NN	eng	eng
rank	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
you've	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
damages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
genre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
union	PM NOM	eng	eng
fulfills	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gazes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nicotine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
littleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
subtitles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prowess	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
standstill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abolitionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anomia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highspirit	PM NOM	eng	eng
frustrated	JJ POS	eng	eng
initiate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
technician	JJ POS	eng	eng
monopolized	VB PAP	eng	eng
waken	VB	eng	eng
emancipations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stifled	JJ POS	eng	eng
activisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reavey	PM NOM	eng	eng
studying	VB ING	eng	eng
self-efficacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aesthetically	AB	eng	eng
newswires	PM NOM	eng	eng
everything	PN	eng	eng
appalled	JJ POS	eng	eng
carbon	NN	eng	eng
policies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
decentralisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sophie	PM NOM	eng	eng
reconstructed	JJ POS	eng	eng
wishart	PM NOM	eng	eng
precedes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
alternatively	AB	eng	eng
posing	VB ING	eng	eng
leaver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
branny	PM NOM	eng	eng
stipulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slowgolds	PM GEN	eng	eng
pregnancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exerciser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amenity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hepatitis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
postindustrially	AB	eng	eng
garbutt	PM NOM	eng	eng
chamberlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
endeavors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newsome	JJ	eng	eng
builder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meiji	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
estimates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tribally	AB	eng	eng
paperboys	PM NOM	eng	eng
retroactive	JJ POS	eng	eng
shoebox	NN	eng	eng
reserve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pragmatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
pigeons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
islanders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mid-twentieth	JJ POS	eng	eng
grotesquely	AB	eng	eng
existentialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unexpected	JJ POS	eng	eng
chasms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macnaghten	PM NOM	eng	eng
lists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
england	PM NOM	eng	eng
ameliorate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
shouldn't	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
deaths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impeachment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
solves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
provincially	AB	eng	eng
dashes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
batherson	PM NOM	eng	eng
equilibriums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
document	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
images	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gysbers	PM NOM	eng	eng
inpatient	JJ POS	eng	eng
weakens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
secretariats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
political-economic	JJ POS	eng	eng
corrosion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mukooney	PM NOM	eng	eng
europ	PM NOM	eng	eng
investigator	NN	eng	eng
trayvonn	PM NOM	eng	eng
macauley	PM NOM	eng	eng
clark	PM NOM	eng	eng
emotional	JJ POS	eng	eng
undamaged	JJ	eng	eng
ministered	VB	eng	eng
sakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interconnectedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hodge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
liza's	PM GEN	eng	eng
vigorously	AB	eng	eng
sutherlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
shedding	VB ING	eng	eng
injustice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-change	NN	eng	eng
fictitious	JJ POS	eng	eng
artifacts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcmannon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
orphanage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
free-trade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contended	JJ POS	eng	eng
proficiently	AB	eng	eng
debacle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
qualifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
walkie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doubly-labelled	JJ	eng	eng
broadened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fewer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
ethnomatematics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enable	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
raynee	PM NOM	eng	eng
ancestries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
honeymoons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
definitionally	AB	eng	eng
ilonzeh	PM NOM	eng	eng
invaders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
substitutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chairmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abandoning	VB ING	eng	eng
vanish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bury	PM NOM	eng	eng
deteriorations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cartographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fieldnote	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
admits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ogre	PM NOM	eng	eng
psykoticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allowance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loafing	VB ING	eng	eng
pricing	VB ING	eng	eng
assignment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
soil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pessimism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sankey	PM NOM	eng	eng
subheadings	NN PLU	eng	eng
prohibited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
coffins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liminally	AB	eng	eng
durkin	PM NOM	eng	eng
lecturers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
pepperdine	PM NOM	eng	eng
empiricists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
airline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moondancer	PM NOM	eng	eng
cytotoxicity	NN	eng	eng
mcgarvy	PM NOM	eng	eng
glowing	VB ING	eng	eng
triumphed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
craftsmanship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
binocular	JJ POS	eng	eng
glock's	PM GEN	eng	eng
battlegrounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unhinderedly	AB	eng	eng
purifying	VB ING	eng	eng
northampton	PM NOM	eng	eng
marginalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
guilfoyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
assembles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
self-governments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
simulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
regional	JJ POS	eng	eng
winwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
bluefin	PM NOM	eng	eng
favoured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
biocare	PM NOM	eng	eng
email	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interactionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
warwicks	PM GEN	eng	eng
sleeps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tightest	JJ	eng	eng
wakefield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
limitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cobourg	PM NOM	eng	eng
persistent	JJ POS	eng	eng
stereotypically	AB	eng	eng
inconsequentially	AB	eng	eng
marcher	PM NOM	eng	eng
prima	JJ POS	eng	eng
revisiting	VB ING	eng	eng
bladder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quaker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
streatfeild	PM NOM	eng	eng
poole	PM NOM	eng	eng
gnome	NN	eng	eng
sallyswag	PM NOM	eng	eng
signatories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
3-days	JJ	eng	eng
coxey	PM NOM	eng	eng
daily	AB	eng	eng
westend	PM NOM	eng	eng
countess	NN	eng	eng
hazards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mendocino	PM NOM	eng	eng
telegraphing	VB	eng	eng
tasks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entrapments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
debtors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
horton	PM NOM	eng	eng
staples	PM NOM	eng	eng
coad's	PM GEN	eng	eng
rewards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
convention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
demoted	JJ	eng	eng
jackson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
brighty	PM NOM	eng	eng
empties	VB	eng	eng
automatically	AB	eng	eng
dorothy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
context	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
persia	PM NOM	eng	eng
chandlerscross	PM NOM	eng	eng
disappointments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clearing	VB ING	eng	eng
transits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
watsons	PM NOM	eng	eng
brashears	PM NOM	eng	eng
typifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
neel	PM NOM	eng	eng
arranged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
therapist's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
devotedly	AB	eng	eng
whitehall	PM NOM	eng	eng
fight-flight	NN	eng	eng
treaties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confessing	VB ING	eng	eng
aromatics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
earley	PM NOM	eng	eng
exile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unholy	NN freq:10	eng	eng
customer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discretions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suboptimally	AB	eng	eng
jones's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cucumbers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
belonged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
imparts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
effecting	VB ING	eng	eng
thanksgiving	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conscription	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
approximating	VB ING	eng	eng
southerners	PM NOM	eng	eng
forcefully	AB	eng	eng
violences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tissues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
timesplitters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
capital	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
none	PN	eng	eng
saucepans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contestants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mctavish	PM NOM	eng	eng
leading	VB ING	eng	eng
snowleg	PM NOM	eng	eng
forums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evanstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
frivolously	AB	eng	eng
invades	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
generator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fastly	AB	eng	eng
militarily	AB	eng	eng
circumstance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
joshs	PM GEN	eng	eng
preciously	AB	eng	eng
bonnar	PM NOM	eng	eng
fluxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tolerant	JJ POS	eng	eng
cartwright's	PM GEN	eng	eng
moment-to-moment	NN	eng	eng
deficiencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multilateralism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brainpower	NN	eng	eng
linklater's	PM GEN	eng	eng
replica	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postweaning	VB ING	eng	eng
hemisphere	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amway	PM NOM	eng	eng
depositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
culpability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
visions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hospice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disintegrating	VB ING	eng	eng
androgyny	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emerges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
holiday	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gamut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
afflictions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
witnessed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ponds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acupressure	NN	eng	eng
drug-taking	JJ	eng	eng
notoriety	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gamble	NN	eng	eng
tolerations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bindings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inadequate	JJ POS	eng	eng
skim	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gyros	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
billion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colouring	VB ING	eng	eng
jaclyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
consented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wolverhampt	AB	eng	eng
teller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
homophobic	JJ POS	eng	eng
endurance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pankhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
chiefly	AB	eng	eng
revocation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ballroomdancer	NN	eng	eng
phd	ACR	eng	eng
dysfunctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
internationalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hallways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
limestone	NN	eng	eng
eves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gentleness	NN	eng	eng
microsoft	PM NOM	eng	eng
spain	PM NOM	eng	eng
bounced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
net	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trails	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hilarys	PM NOM	eng	eng
georgetown's	PM GEN	eng	eng
damp	JJ POS	eng	eng
untitled	JJ	eng	eng
ritually	AB	eng	eng
tax-benefit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
barks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
breathlessly	AB	eng	eng
typology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
identifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
manifests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lifecycle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proclaimed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
delicate	JJ POS	eng	eng
longview	PM NOM	eng	eng
chain-of-response	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
solvers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
implant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alleviation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
genetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
inherent	JJ POS	eng	eng
prescriptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
middlesbr	AB	eng	eng
scaer	PM NOM	eng	eng
shock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fitness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buyer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
paraphrased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
committee	NN	eng	eng
vultures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breastfeeding	VB ING	eng	eng
formalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reactive	JJ POS	eng	eng
dissolve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
outlying	VB ING	eng	eng
deconstruction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cardrona	PM NOM	eng	eng
ground	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sargent's	PM GEN	eng	eng
disapproving	VB ING	eng	eng
admission	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acad	ABBR	eng	eng
numeral	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
avid	JJ POS	eng	eng
merrily	AB	eng	eng
inuits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
longed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
trustworthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
dawning	NN	eng	eng
whittington	PM NOM	eng	eng
cyborg	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dreamgirls	PM GEN	eng	eng
man's	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
all-embracing	VB ING	eng	eng
sweetwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
wingswept	JJ	eng	eng
valuables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resorted	JJ POS	eng	eng
venom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recidence	NN	eng	eng
violents	PM NOM	eng	eng
interaction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anthropo	JJ SMS	eng	eng
stabilising	VB	eng	eng
neo-liberalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contemplate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
substate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
camels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newspaper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sheehan	PM NOM	eng	eng
optic	JJ POS	eng	eng
antiracists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jacks	PM GEN	eng	eng
grassroots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
differentially	AB	eng	eng
eighties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pusey	PM NOM	eng	eng
chummy	NN	eng	eng
wallpapers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
life'sfunniest	PM NOM	eng	eng
instigate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
she	PN	eng	eng
inconsistency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
linkage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
calorie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bombing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ethnography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
servile	JJ POS	eng	eng
doubt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corruptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coit	PM NOM	eng	eng
herald	PM NOM	eng	eng
excellence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gorham	PM NOM	eng	eng
enablement	NN	eng	eng
kroeger	PM NOM	eng	eng
redefinition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
purdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
flatten	VB	eng	eng
haven	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
servers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stigmas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dark	JJ POS	eng	eng
gipson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
profitabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fortnight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
combinatorial	JJ	eng	eng
assign	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dipped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
alcohol-related	JJ	eng	eng
quota	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
first-mover	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
remarkable	JJ POS	eng	eng
pubs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reasons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
over-all	AB	eng	eng
vodka	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
including	VB ING	eng	eng
mcdonnel	PM NOM	eng	eng
undue	AB	eng	eng
joining	VB ING	eng	eng
bostridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
probabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goodstein	PM NOM	eng	eng
rothery	PM NOM	eng	eng
muskie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
whitehouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
hasten	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
shaquem	PM NOM	eng	eng
satin	PM NOM	eng	eng
operate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
equipe	PM NOM	eng	eng
guest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marketer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bastion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rathbone	PM NOM	eng	eng
you're	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
landowning	VB ING	eng	eng
connoted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
superstition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ugly	JJ POS	eng	eng
isolates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
spills	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
barometers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meagerly	AB	eng	eng
garnered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bronson	PM NOM	eng	eng
enzymatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
rationale	JJ POS	eng	eng
awful	JJ POS	eng	eng
reconstituting	VB ING	eng	eng
refering	V B	eng	eng
clear-cut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychometric	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-disclosures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bulgarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prematurity	NN	eng	eng
stuffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uninhibited	JJ POS	eng	eng
birthweight	NN	eng	eng
intensified	JJ POS	eng	eng
convergence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exhausts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
victorious	JJ POS	eng	eng
southwestern	JJ POS	eng	eng
cents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
draw	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
positivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cloris	PM NOM	eng	eng
wonderstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
utopianisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
high-profile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stranding	VB ING	eng	eng
mccurdy	PM NOM	eng	eng
zoo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
organization's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
selfhelp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mckey	PM NOM	eng	eng
mazzy	PM NOM	eng	eng
unsolicited	JJ POS	eng	eng
assassinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bizzy	PM NOM	eng	eng
curvilinear	JJ POS	eng	eng
whence	AB	eng	eng
o'clock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gritty	JJ	eng	eng
existential	JJ POS	eng	eng
mocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chesham	PM NOM	eng	eng
roy	PM NOM	eng	eng
graduation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
manages	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sceptics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
summed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
deposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
adolescents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hovercraft	NN	eng	eng
lines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shortterm	NN	eng	eng
disorder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
european-american	JJ	eng	eng
sedentary	JJ POS	eng	eng
abilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shelve	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ramoray	PM NOM	eng	eng
damply	AB	eng	eng
israelite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clewlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
grown-up	NN	eng	eng
ascertained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disjuncture	NN	eng	eng
premium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harmony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ethno	JJ POS	eng	eng
exley	PM NOM	eng	eng
reckon	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bride	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vocabularies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heathrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
confederal	JJ POS	eng	eng
beginner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freestyler	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychotherapeutic	JJ POS	eng	eng
webbers	PM NOM	eng	eng
migrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cloud	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cross-border	JJ POS	eng	eng
ritual	JJ POS	eng	eng
beaming	VB	eng	eng
barbecue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pettman	PM NOM	eng	eng
kickbike	NN	eng	eng
archeologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mulligan	PM NOM	eng	eng
ruth	PM NOM	eng	eng
limit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
painted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lovejoy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
colostomy	NN	eng	eng
narrators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thrown	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colter	PM NOM	eng	eng
placing	VB ING	eng	eng
hawaiian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evernote	PM NOM	eng	eng
intruders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stewart	PM NOM	eng	eng
linklaters	PM GEN	eng	eng
anonymous	JJ POS	eng	eng
preparedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brainiac	NN	eng	eng
gunnerside	PM NOM	eng	eng
macedonian	PM NOM	eng	eng
poke	NN	eng	eng
starlight	NN	eng	eng
retiree	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
columnist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
voyaged	VB PRT	eng	eng
chronically	AB	eng	eng
tends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quantify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dopamine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bromley	PM NOM	eng	eng
finney	PM NOM	eng	eng
excelled	JJ POS	eng	eng
hindsight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lassards	PM GEN	eng	eng
therapists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
o'grady	PM NOM	eng	eng
subservient	JJ POS	eng	eng
admirable	JJ POS	eng	eng
heuristic	JJ POS	eng	eng
strategy	NN	eng	eng
emissions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
haylie	PM NOM	eng	eng
ultrastructural	JJ POS	eng	eng
coasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
destroying	VB ING	eng	eng
earthlink	PM NOM	eng	eng
lytle	PM NOM	eng	eng
attempted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fiery	JJ POS	eng	eng
spans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
demeanor	JJ POS	eng	eng
fast	JJ POS	eng	eng
descend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
township	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hollidays	PM GEN	eng	eng
overhauls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
censure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
circulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
irritatedly	AB	eng	eng
maltreatment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
frequenting	VB	eng	eng
fowler	PM NOM	eng	eng
butlers	PM GEN	eng	eng
banker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
steadfastly	AB	eng	eng
cruelties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gilians	PM NOM	eng	eng
echelon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cranbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
naval	JJ POS	eng	eng
shuler's	PM GEN	eng	eng
famine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stockton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
marton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
reformation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deduces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
aithusa	PM NOM	eng	eng
intermarriages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
locomotion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
universalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greenhalgh	PM NOM	eng	eng
shelflife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wich	PN	eng	eng
ambassadors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buttering	VB	eng	eng
kensington's	PM GEN	eng	eng
colwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
calculating	VB ING	eng	eng
eight-years	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heroic	JJ POS	eng	eng
centrifugally	AB	eng	eng
barklem	PM NOM	eng	eng
discipline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subjecting	VB ING	eng	eng
christianities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proposes	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
dimorphism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imogene	PM NOM	eng	eng
commencement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
claims-making	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cookies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
filmmakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
institutes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teeth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-restraint	NN	eng	eng
sixth	RO	eng	eng
pictographic	JJ	eng	eng
worthen	PM NOM	eng	eng
sweetie	PM NOM	eng	eng
25th	RO NOM	eng	eng
kidstory	PM NOM	eng	eng
stocktaking	PM NOM	eng	eng
aeroplanes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
intentions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proficiencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lengies	PM NOM	eng	eng
tearoom	NN	eng	eng
kickback	NN	eng	eng
ancestrally	AB	eng	eng
sheezus	PM NOM	eng	eng
nurseries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accountingization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shreveport	PM NOM	eng	eng
posits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
offord	PM NOM	eng	eng
proace	PM NOM	eng	eng
imitate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
swe-danes	PM NOM	eng	eng
aviators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brave	JJ	eng	eng
woodiwiss	PM NOM	eng	eng
bolwby	PM NOM	eng	eng
dementias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reminder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clement	PM NOM	eng	eng
drew	VB PST	eng	eng
television	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stormy	JJ POS	eng	eng
testimonial	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pointguard	NN	eng	eng
cons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
smaller	JJ KOM	eng	eng
subcontractors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insightful	JJ POS	eng	eng
dalziels	PM GEN	eng	eng
choir	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
productservice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forces	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
chiklis	PM NOM	eng	eng
ewing's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
achievment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
basils	PM GEN	eng	eng
dissociatively	AB	eng	eng
egregious	JJ POS	eng	eng
grahame	PM NOM	eng	eng
plough	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mercia	PM NOM	eng	eng
malice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
banally	AB	eng	eng
manhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
college	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
herron	PM NOM	eng	eng
humbly	JJ	eng	eng
neuropsychologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
withdrawal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
18th	RO	eng	eng
psycho	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
devout	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
degradation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decorate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
plowing	VB ING	eng	eng
neighbors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disengage	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
constitutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
criterias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
europolitans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rabbinic	JJ POS	eng	eng
perpetuates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contrasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sulfurs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doctrines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
analyticas	PM GEN	eng	eng
meadowlands	PM NOM	eng	eng
skinning	NN	eng	eng
write	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
feminization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reinstatements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
androgynous	JJ POS	eng	eng
meager	JJ POS	eng	eng
automatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
methodologically	AB	eng	eng
cored	VB	eng	eng
v-based	JJ	eng	eng
legislates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tandems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hybridization	NN	eng	eng
cloves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
franchising	VB ING	eng	eng
childs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retributions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marey	PM NOM	eng	eng
whereupon	AB	eng	eng
self-esteems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expectations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transcribed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
recounts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
philosophy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bidens	PM GEN	eng	eng
keenen	PM NOM	eng	eng
blaxploitation	NN	eng	eng
guarding	VB ING	eng	eng
eoin	PM NOM	eng	eng
croatian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harper's	PM GEN	eng	eng
considerate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
personnels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
usability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rudimentary	JJ POS	eng	eng
backers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inadeqate	JJ POS	eng	eng
renegotiated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mandarin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fill	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
syllogisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
americanbrandstand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
communion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conflict	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stylising	VB	eng	eng
culled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
factional	JJ POS	eng	eng
romania	PM NOM	eng	eng
blackpool	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-awarenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
devotion	PM NOM	eng	eng
introspection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
baked	JJ POS	eng	eng
valued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
darkly	AB	eng	eng
smuggling	VB ING	eng	eng
digidaily	PM NOM	eng	eng
depriving	JJ POS	eng	eng
bryceland	PM NOM	eng	eng
bracey	PM NOM	eng	eng
life-events	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hudson	PM NOM	eng	eng
newsfactory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buoyantly	AB	eng	eng
hetherington	PM NOM	eng	eng
subscribes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
convicts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
enteric	JJ	eng	eng
mcnamara	PM NOM	eng	eng
ellingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
avidly	AB	eng	eng
loaders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
visualising	VB ING	eng	eng
factos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evaluator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ethnomethodological	JJ POS	eng	eng
submarine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
saluting	VB ING	eng	eng
stamping	VB	eng	eng
noun	NN	eng	eng
witnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
princess	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcinerney	PM NOM	eng	eng
not-so-impossible	JJ POS	eng	eng
science-based	JJ	eng	eng
veritable	JJ POS	eng	eng
forgives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
candyland	PM NOM	eng	eng
notifiable	JJ POS	eng	eng
horsefield	PM NOM	eng	eng
democracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dinners	NN	eng	eng
dreamwork	PM NOM	eng	eng
subcontracting	VB ING	eng	eng
lanham	PM NOM	eng	eng
ramey	PM NOM	eng	eng
compositely	AB	eng	eng
percent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ridiculousness	NN	eng	eng
rule-breaker	NN	eng	eng
footballs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pharaoh	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mindful	JJ POS	eng	eng
shortcoming	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sharon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sails	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
preschool-teachers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
walford	PM NOM	eng	eng
groome	PM NOM	eng	eng
currencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
factors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chaotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
abston	PM NOM	eng	eng
concerted	JJ POS	eng	eng
theologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regard	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
weighing	VB ING	eng	eng
last-minute	JJ POS	eng	eng
stipulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
faun	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kirkland	PM NOM	eng	eng
shapelessly	AB	eng	eng
australians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scarfs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
decomposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accountability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compilations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
predict	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
charteris	PM NOM	eng	eng
masculinely	AB	eng	eng
ensors	PM GEN	eng	eng
axed	VB	eng	eng
wexford	PM NOM	eng	eng
shenton	PM NOM	eng	eng
pickens	PM NOM	eng	eng
assessable	JJ	eng	eng
confusing	VB ING	eng	eng
trio	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
djuice	PM NOM	eng	eng
documentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
frustrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rivalling	VB	eng	eng
machinist's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ethica	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
champagne	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
narratively	AB	eng	eng
knowns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
populisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
furniture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gemili	PM NOM	eng	eng
pragmatically	AB	eng	eng
nalidixic	JJ POS	eng	eng
uncommunicative	JJ	eng	eng
harmlessly	AB	eng	eng
delve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rooted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
colossal	JJ POS	eng	eng
vertical	JJ POS	eng	eng
payne	PM NOM	eng	eng
hasn't	VB PRT HSI	eng	eng
invalid	JJ POS	eng	eng
estimated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
incenses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ruthlessly	AB	eng	eng
gossip's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
chest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anomalously	AB	eng	eng
nigel	PM NOM	eng	eng
discrimination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
robust	JJ POS	eng	eng
blasphemy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
saturated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
surface	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dumbly	AB	eng	eng
churchill	PM NOM	eng	eng
laughlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
hesitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
take-off	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcginn	PM NOM	eng	eng
x-trial	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
forge	PM NOM	eng	eng
prostitute	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phenomenology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
at-risk	AB	eng	eng
shoplifting	VB ING	eng	eng
keepontrotting	PM NOM	eng	eng
chessington	PM NOM	eng	eng
institution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tempting	JJ POS	eng	eng
ultraviolet	PM NOM	eng	eng
feels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
stream	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
first-order	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apologises	VB HSI	eng	eng
adjudication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
iranian	JJ POS	eng	eng
reciprocally	AB	eng	eng
flushes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hitchcock	PM NOM	eng	eng
tailoring	VB ING	eng	eng
chattahoochee	PM NOM	eng	eng
pillow	NN	eng	eng
enormously	AB	eng	eng
fleek	PM NOM	eng	eng
moods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
delightedly	AB	eng	eng
cannondale	PM NOM	eng	eng
hampshire's	PM GEN	eng	eng
assembled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
spares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cyclical	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'byrn	PM NOM	eng	eng
tremendous	JJ POS	eng	eng
industrialised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
argumentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ceding	VB ING	eng	eng
hold-up	NN	eng	eng
kayleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodforde	PM NOM	eng	eng
intended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lawler's	PM GEN	eng	eng
middlesbroughs	PM GEN	eng	eng
bridget	PM NOM	eng	eng
subunit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wrenches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nation's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outlining	VB ING	eng	eng
madness	JJ POS	eng	eng
hesitant	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-perception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reece	PM NOM	eng	eng
depots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nosebutter	NN	eng	eng
pathologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
romcom	NN	eng	eng
forgave	VB PRT	eng	eng
cognate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drakeford's	PM GEN	eng	eng
subside	VB	eng	eng
improvising	VB	eng	eng
breaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
subtext	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
he	PN	eng	eng
dropped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
magically	AB	eng	eng
herded	VB PAP	eng	eng
duckys	PM GEN	eng	eng
johnson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nightingales	PM GEN	eng	eng
lepard	PM NOM	eng	eng
intellects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
easypark	PM NOM	eng	eng
meehan	PM NOM	eng	eng
conners	PM GEN	eng	eng
credit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jim's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shawn	PM NOM	eng	eng
tile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flamemaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
aggression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decide	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
proceedings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blackmail	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
blu-ray	NN	eng	eng
originals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cherishing	VB ING	eng	eng
ascertains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mud	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weaponised	JJ	eng	eng
avebury's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nausea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
homefront	NN	eng	eng
subscription	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seabased	PM NOM	eng	eng
anybody	PN	eng	eng
psychosynthesis	NN	eng	eng
inoffensive	JJ	eng	eng
compliments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pancreatic	JJ	eng	eng
health-care	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consignations	NN PLU	eng	eng
clarifying	VB ING	eng	eng
backshalls	PM GEN	eng	eng
batteries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
squarely	AB	eng	eng
exceeds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
simulacrums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obstructively	AB	eng	eng
stosur	PM NOM	eng	eng
spillane	PM NOM	eng	eng
mexican's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sigh	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
congratulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lord	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonparticipant	NN	eng	eng
rivalry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monasteries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hypersensitivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pronouncing	VB ING	eng	eng
cancelling	VB ING	eng	eng
bangerz	PM NOM	eng	eng
lexmark	PM NOM	eng	eng
implicit	JJ POS	eng	eng
unpaginated	JJ POS	eng	eng
oatley	PM NOM	eng	eng
paces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conversing	VB ING	eng	eng
spokespersons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sheepdog	NN	eng	eng
presuppose	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
commitments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dumping	VB ING	eng	eng
x-machines	PM NOM	eng	eng
certification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bagley	PM NOM	eng	eng
reservations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
turtles	NN PLU	eng	eng
stressful	JJ POS	eng	eng
fifteenth	JJ POS	eng	eng
mysticisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maglite	PM NOM	eng	eng
infers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
relaunching	VB ING	eng	eng
organization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compulsively	AB	eng	eng
nicholson	PM NOM	eng	eng
shelley-ann	PM NOM	eng	eng
representative	JJ POS	eng	eng
largest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
row	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conduit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boleyns	PM GEN	eng	eng
concepts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prohibitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shuttlewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
inevitability	AB	eng	eng
mainlands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
energise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
recycled	JJ POS	eng	eng
cleaned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
doolin	PM NOM	eng	eng
ingredient	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
striates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
awaken	VB PAP	eng	eng
eldredge	PM NOM	eng	eng
italy	PM NOM	eng	eng
english	JJ	eng	eng
goldford	PM NOM	eng	eng
heaviest	JJ KOM	eng	eng
pleading	VB ING	eng	eng
aggrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
bivariate	JJ POS	eng	eng
twenty-three-year	NN	eng	eng
rosegarden	NN NEU PLU IND NOM	eng	eng
articles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eyebrow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rater	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-geographically	AB	eng	eng
rural	JJ POS	eng	eng
virtuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
mountain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oligopoly	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pathogens	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kinninmonth	PM NOM	eng	eng
friends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slowing	VB ING	eng	eng
sand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
careful	JJ POS	eng	eng
pepperboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
colonialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
catered	JJ POS	eng	eng
clerk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interventionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'ryan	PM NOM	eng	eng
modular	JJ POS	eng	eng
bedrooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
approximated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
aesthetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
reinterpretations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lazytown	PM NOM	eng	eng
emit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
zenuity	NN	eng	eng
domineering	VB ING	eng	eng
dermott	PM NOM	eng	eng
macrophage	NN	eng	eng
environmentalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pottery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eurochallenge	PM NOM	eng	eng
scalps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
iterative	JJ POS	eng	eng
answering	VB ING	eng	eng
closeness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theorisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macavoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
stake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
celebrities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
communication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equivalents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
looser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legislation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
styling	VB ING	eng	eng
intentioned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
oversee	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sluggish	JJ POS	eng	eng
post-test	NN	eng	eng
envies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tractor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
superbowl	PM NOM	eng	eng
thereof	AB	eng	eng
muadhnait	PM NOM	eng	eng
responsible	JJ POS	eng	eng
tribe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mixedcontent	NN	eng	eng
speeded	VB lang:fre	eng	eng
ethology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poisoning	VB ING	eng	eng
misinterprets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
individualisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bringwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
used	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
voting	VB ING	eng	eng
adenopathy	NN	eng	eng
republic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shopaholic	NN	eng	eng
diagnosed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
golive	PM NOM	eng	eng
structuralist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
middlemarch's	PM GEN	eng	eng
double-bind	NN	eng	eng
utter	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
homology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
auxiliaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pilgrimage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tribal	JJ POS	eng	eng
statements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coony	PM NOM	eng	eng
prejudicially	AB	eng	eng
genome	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
willingly	AB	eng	eng
affected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
plenum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hometowns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uhuuu	IN	eng	eng
tribunes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rylance	PM NOM	eng	eng
hemiplegic	JJ POS	eng	eng
confidences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
double-loop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
edward	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychotherapy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gillham	PM NOM	eng	eng
un	PM NOM	eng	eng
parson	PM NOM	eng	eng
shields	PM NOM	eng	eng
bookwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcgowans	PM GEN	eng	eng
debates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dexterity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smothered	JJ	eng	eng
trew	PM NOM	eng	eng
hardnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
replenishments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
namelosers	PM NOM	eng	eng
persecuted	JJ	eng	eng
revolved	JJ POS	eng	eng
organiztions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aesthetics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inexperienced	JJ POS	eng	eng
competence	NN	eng	eng
ensor	PM NOM	eng	eng
agrammatical	JJ POS	eng	eng
buttons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chopped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
thicker	JJ KOM	eng	eng
betting	VB ING	eng	eng
slighter	JJ	eng	eng
charismatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
microeconomics	NN	eng	eng
alford	PM NOM	eng	eng
director's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
trophy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alcoholisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
antidotes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wakefield	PM NOM	eng	eng
enticed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wrench	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
durance	PM NOM	eng	eng
scarf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mclanahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
legitimise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
self-discipline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beholder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
statement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonalcoholic	JJ	eng	eng
effacing	NN	eng	eng
peckers	NN PLU	eng	eng
distrust	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
paynes	PM NOM	eng	eng
chests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
episteme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
capitalise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
21st	JJ POS	eng	eng
briberies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enrolled	JJ POS	eng	eng
aegypt's	PM GEN	eng	eng
whipple	PM NOM	eng	eng
procurements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yarmouth	PM NOM	eng	eng
tenured	JJ	eng	eng
pays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
riverton	PM NOM	eng	eng
consensually	AB	eng	eng
known	VB PAP	eng	eng
tomographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
comfortably	AB	eng	eng
opaquely	AB	eng	eng
broadmoor	PM NOM	eng	eng
distinctiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reconciled	JJ POS	eng	eng
bachelors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
criminology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
godmother	NN	eng	eng
classes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
devised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tracies	PM GEN	eng	eng
freezing	VB ING	eng	eng
tutorials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refrigerated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inbound	JJ POS	eng	eng
overseers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
theorem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
positively	AB	eng	eng
german-speaking	JJ POS	eng	eng
marlowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
maclullich	PM NOM	eng	eng
dercums	PM GEN	eng	eng
efficacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
medicated	JJ	eng	eng
jennings	PM NOM	eng	eng
spare	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
re-emerging	VB ING	eng	eng
learner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mailing	VB ING	eng	eng
hypothesise	VB	eng	eng
boot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
owers	PM NOM	eng	eng
conducive	JJ POS	eng	eng
coburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
mysticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
structured	JJ POS	eng	eng
marital	JJ POS	eng	eng
pickled	JJ	eng	eng
constraints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
writers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
procure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
imply	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reductively	AB	eng	eng
malarias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
northfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
parallels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gendering	VB ING	eng	eng
lightstorm	PM NOM	eng	eng
nocturnally	AB	eng	eng
depot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
keynes	PM NOM	eng	eng
underestimates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
agriculturally	AB	eng	eng
bileopancreatic	JJ	eng	eng
particularism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fogs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soldiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overestimations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
milder	JJ KOM	eng	eng
mcevilley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcchrystal	PM NOM	eng	eng
jumble	NN	eng	eng
mckeith	PM NOM	eng	eng
sandburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
railway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guessed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shawns	PM GEN	eng	eng
precautionary	JJ POS	eng	eng
anorectic	NN	eng	eng
sociometry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dishonesty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fema	PM NOM	eng	eng
quidditch	PM NOM	eng	eng
justices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sprawl	PM NOM	eng	eng
cumbersome	JJ POS	eng	eng
preserves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
transference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stickers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
talley	PM NOM	eng	eng
infusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
70-year	NN	eng	eng
shooting	VB ING	eng	eng
wartins	PM GEN	eng	eng
piagetian	JJ POS	eng	eng
into	PP	eng	eng
abbreviations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dowjones	PM NOM	eng	eng
health-promoting	JJ POS	eng	eng
invoked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
song	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hanckoc	PM NOM	eng	eng
bend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sunweb	PM NOM	eng	eng
bartholomew	PM NOM	eng	eng
ignorant	JJ POS	eng	eng
lawrence	PM NOM	eng	eng
wronged	JJ POS	eng	eng
flews	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
childmatters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penally	AB	eng	eng
fenwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
cole	PM NOM	eng	eng
invalidating	VB ING	eng	eng
intangibility	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-stimulation	NN	eng	eng
ticks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supplanted	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sensually	AB	eng	eng
unassigned	VB PRT	eng	eng
cuckoo-clock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redline	PM NOM	eng	eng
inauguration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shaman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phil	PM NOM	eng	eng
shrine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
procedural	JJ POS	eng	eng
catelyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
fight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unifieds	JJ	eng	eng
cluttering	VB ING	eng	eng
branigan	PM NOM	eng	eng
potentiality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
momentum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distinguishing	VB ING	eng	eng
gunners	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcguire	PM NOM	eng	eng
infer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spasticity	NN	eng	eng
skeletally	AB	eng	eng
depicts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
onboard	AB	eng	eng
crux	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unused	JJ POS	eng	eng
multi-national	JJ POS	eng	eng
punctually	AB	eng	eng
amazingly	AB	eng	eng
reasserting	VB ING	eng	eng
erskine	PM NOM	eng	eng
ludacris	PM NOM	eng	eng
rigorously	AB	eng	eng
mobilising	VB ING	eng	eng
exertions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ceaseless	JJ POS	eng	eng
lazily	AB	eng	eng
transworld	AB	eng	eng
freights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hitchcocks	PM NOM	eng	eng
apologise	VB	eng	eng
backshall	PM NOM	eng	eng
summer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
authoring	VB	eng	eng
elizabethan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sparkling	JJ	eng	eng
vacation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bronwyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
renegade	NN	eng	eng
time-out	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ravenscroft	PM NOM	eng	eng
ludicrously	AB	eng	eng
wilfley	PM NOM	eng	eng
suspends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
demos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corporally	AB	eng	eng
journeying	VB	eng	eng
fagging	VB ING	eng	eng
amnesias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inter-agency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ascertain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
certain	JJ POS	eng	eng
raters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oedipally	AB	eng	eng
blackmails	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
strevens	PM NOM	eng	eng
itty-bitty	NN	eng	eng
kick	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
achieves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gangs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doggedly	AB	eng	eng
autonomic	JJ POS	eng	eng
lindenfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
employments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
repeated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
intellect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
negligently	AB	eng	eng
almost	AB	eng	eng
mccurry	PM NOM	eng	eng
hurford	PM NOM	eng	eng
telehealth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
admirably	AB	eng	eng
botanically	AB	eng	eng
academia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teletrade	PM NOM	eng	eng
clerks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
circulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
engrossment	NN	eng	eng
chargers	PM NOM	eng	eng
surrealist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bagged	VB	eng	eng
selectivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
portadown	PM NOM	eng	eng
goahead	PM NOM	eng	eng
replay	VB	eng	eng
originating	VB ING	eng	eng
longer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
scalp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ideation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
empress	NN	eng	eng
wellfunctioning	JJ POS	eng	eng
qourtney	PM NOM	eng	eng
stakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prosecutor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
categorisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcniff	PM NOM	eng	eng
went	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
displacement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embosser	NN	eng	eng
advisory	JJ POS	eng	eng
nickelodeon	PM NOM	eng	eng
heredities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carrotlover	PM NOM	eng	eng
simplified	JJ POS	eng	eng
ryle	PM NOM	eng	eng
nominees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
australasian	JJ POS	eng	eng
lowden	PM NOM	eng	eng
whiteman	PM NOM	eng	eng
work-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
punctuality	NN	eng	eng
cragen	PM NOM	eng	eng
naylor	PM NOM	eng	eng
inferiors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sufferer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tribes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
balmy	JJ	eng	eng
cushings	PM GEN	eng	eng
vaccines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adoption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peanut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expands	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
churchills	PM GEN	eng	eng
recurrences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shrink	PM NOM	eng	eng
politic	JJ POS	eng	eng
readman	PM NOM	eng	eng
event-cities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wood	PM NOM	eng	eng
coinage	NN	eng	eng
fleas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interventionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
computable	JJ	eng	eng
utters	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
regulative	JJ POS	eng	eng
walter	PM NOM	eng	eng
constructivism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
livelivelives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cyberspace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eh	IN	eng	eng
microscope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
furnitures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
caterson	PM NOM	eng	eng
social-emotional	JJ	eng	eng
hillcoat	PM NOM	eng	eng
greatest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
neurotrophic	JJ	eng	eng
soldiarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bowlin	NN	eng	eng
millimetres	NN PLU	eng	eng
coulter	PM NOM	eng	eng
champagnes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
14th	JJ POS	eng	eng
minimally	AB	eng	eng
annie	PM NOM	eng	eng
prudent	JJ POS	eng	eng
distributional	JJ POS	eng	eng
muslims	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
antidepressant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revenues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
workman	PM NOM	eng	eng
eruption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whyte	PM NOM	eng	eng
relaxing	VB ING	eng	eng
collaborating	VB ING	eng	eng
brides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
congenially	AB	eng	eng
steepness	NN	eng	eng
sociodramatic	JJ	eng	eng
despised	VB PAP	eng	eng
likewise	AB	eng	eng
entangled	JJ POS	eng	eng
japanese's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcclaren's	PM GEN	eng	eng
manliness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raft	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hazardous	JJ POS	eng	eng
communions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mermaid	NN	eng	eng
forcibly	AB	eng	eng
overestimate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
inns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
syllogism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extensions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doidge	PM NOM	eng	eng
clouds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mutagenic	JJ POS	eng	eng
situates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
discussing	VB ING	eng	eng
anticipating	VB ING	eng	eng
vocationally	AB	eng	eng
marcus	PM NOM	eng	eng
realworld	PM NOM	eng	eng
lawton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cowie	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenbrier	PM NOM	eng	eng
limits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
personnel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
convertible	JJ POS	eng	eng
lymelife	PM NOM	eng	eng
walking	VB ING	eng	eng
international	JJ POS	eng	eng
irregularly	JJ POS	eng	eng
immutable	JJ POS	eng	eng
conveyed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reluctant	JJ POS	eng	eng
posterity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lightman	PM NOM	eng	eng
charges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bestow	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
exhibits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gacy	PM NOM	eng	eng
spot-checking	VB	eng	eng
aspirin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evolve	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stevenage	PM NOM	eng	eng
conover	PM NOM	eng	eng
dreamworks	PM NOM	eng	eng
necklace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fouls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minimises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
physique	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
polotics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cupboards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conceptualisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
satisfy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
millward	PM NOM	eng	eng
neo-classical	JJ POS	eng	eng
doubtfully	AB	eng	eng
disorientation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
offroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
cities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
submarines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
details	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evaluators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strengths-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
validation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
males	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subscribe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
roasted	JJ POS	eng	eng
tennant	PM NOM	eng	eng
therefore	AB	eng	eng
disengages	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
maidenhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
kidnapped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mindguarding	VB ING	eng	eng
juniors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meaney	PM NOM	eng	eng
icebreakers	NN	eng	eng
merely	AB	eng	eng
reestablishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
evading	VB ING	eng	eng
greenleaves	PM NOM	eng	eng
politicalsystems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refocussed	VB PRT	eng	eng
dearborn	PM NOM	eng	eng
murder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ceremonies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
owes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reply	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fruity	PM NOM	eng	eng
morphologically	AB	eng	eng
bibliographical	AB	eng	eng
cryo	PM NOM	eng	eng
atavistic	JJ	eng	eng
photons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ice-cream	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unpacking	VB ING	eng	eng
paternally	AB	eng	eng
intersections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disturbing	JJ POS	eng	eng
thracian	PM NOM	eng	eng
linda	PM NOM	eng	eng
newson	PM NOM	eng	eng
ambiences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
throat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anti-apartheid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gynecologic	JJ POS	eng	eng
leaps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
suit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
office	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
willingness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rattling's	PM GEN	eng	eng
macleod	PM NOM	eng	eng
overcompensation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
buried	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dealership	NN	eng	eng
intention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pledged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
deceptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
unusual	JJ POS	eng	eng
lathrop's	PM GEN	eng	eng
brushes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modish	JJ	eng	eng
sandrew	PM NOM	eng	eng
guns	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
salinger	PM NOM	eng	eng
go	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wheen	PM NOM	eng	eng
exogenous	JJ POS	eng	eng
farmhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
buick	PM NOM	eng	eng
contour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
permissive	JJ POS	eng	eng
accreditation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitelock	PM NOM	eng	eng
politicisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
excitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
massacre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
punching	VB ING	eng	eng
hazelwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
says	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
turtlemans	PM NOM	eng	eng
bungle	NN	eng	eng
unequivocally	AB	eng	eng
legislate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
merredith	PM NOM	eng	eng
copper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
creasey	PM NOM	eng	eng
committee's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
mansbridge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
chromosome	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
microorganisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sugarboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
injurious	JJ POS	eng	eng
analytica	PM NOM	eng	eng
shops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teeths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
definitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nudging	JJ	eng	eng
seventieth	RO	eng	eng
unbalanced	JJ POS	eng	eng
kingsbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
privileged	JJ POS	eng	eng
burr's	PM GEN	eng	eng
eternity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
avengers	NN PLU	eng	eng
preference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mercer's	PM GEN	eng	eng
worcestershire-sauce	NN	eng	eng
earlier	JJ KOM	eng	eng
manic	JJ POS	eng	eng
philosophised	VB PRT	eng	eng
conningham	PM NOM	eng	eng
posit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
westview	PM NOM	eng	eng
osteoporosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fictionally	AB	eng	eng
sellout	NN	eng	eng
tickling	VB	eng	eng
boardwalk	NN	eng	eng
circulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
eastwood's	PM GEN	eng	eng
litigations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
braves	PM NOM	eng	eng
20th	JJ POS	eng	eng
cumberland's	PM GEN	eng	eng
centre-left	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-interested	JJ POS	eng	eng
proverbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pittenger	PM NOM	eng	eng
obeys	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
footsoldiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collectively	JJ POS	eng	eng
post-critically	AB	eng	eng
blameless	JJ	eng	eng
hitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
force	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
choirs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
embarked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bookworm	NN	eng	eng
desirable	JJ POS	eng	eng
pints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aeroplane	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
childmed's	PM GEN	eng	eng
push	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
voiced	JJ POS	eng	eng
recede	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
alphabetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
male-stream	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spontaneities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clove	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bullock	PM NOM	eng	eng
superintendent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warranted	JJ POS	eng	eng
literal	JJ POS	eng	eng
externalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unreasonable	JJ POS	eng	eng
feuds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
filmmaker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
institute	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sway	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
refs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coordinating	VB ING	eng	eng
writes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
communitarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rediscovering	VB ING	eng	eng
bradford	PM NOM	eng	eng
relinquished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
noncompliance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dworkin	PM NOM	eng	eng
hellboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
raceway	NN	eng	eng
oconnor	PM NOM	eng	eng
tired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
self-referential	JJ POS	eng	eng
dental	JJ POS	eng	eng
defined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dreamhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
perrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
extraneously	AB	eng	eng
appropriate	JJ POS	eng	eng
covey	PM NOM	eng	eng
linklater	PM NOM	eng	eng
thrombolysis	NN	eng	eng
adjusts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wombats	PM NOM	eng	eng
orality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wyomings	PM GEN	eng	eng
deficits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newcastle-upon-tyne's	PM GEN	eng	eng
intrude	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
expatriating	VB ING	eng	eng
surfwise	AB	eng	eng
terrestrially	AB	eng	eng
surprising	VB ING	eng	eng
joyvoice	NN	eng	eng
finalising	VB	eng	eng
versatility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maidstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
marvelous	JJ POS	eng	eng
anti-epileptic	JJ	eng	eng
shirlee	PM NOM	eng	eng
purposely	AB	eng	eng
pictograph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rowman	PM NOM	eng	eng
smileys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quarreling	VB	eng	eng
israelites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
participations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ferocious	JJ POS	eng	eng
girlsofthe	NN	eng	eng
stoneridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
glass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aiming	VB ING	eng	eng
working-through	NN	eng	eng
denominational	JJ POS	eng	eng
reordering	VB ING	eng	eng
lacquer	NN	eng	eng
applauding	VB ING	eng	eng
newsroom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
impartial	JJ POS	eng	eng
finger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raider	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
borrowers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
index	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legendary	JJ POS	eng	eng
facto	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heuristics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jeopardize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
therapist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
catched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
longerich	PM NOM	eng	eng
debaters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monotherapy	NN	eng	eng
uranium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
three-factor	NN	eng	eng
barrymore	PM NOM	eng	eng
overviews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fastest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
revenges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consolation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strengthening	VB ING	eng	eng
gains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
slap	NN	eng	eng
throughputs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
margaerys	PM GEN	eng	eng
tea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
columnists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intrusively	AB	eng	eng
awesomely	AB	eng	eng
poe	PM NOM	eng	eng
escapist	NN	eng	eng
treasury	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-western	JJ POS	eng	eng
tranquilliser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
furnish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
parent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chew	PM NOM	eng	eng
sheasby	PM NOM	eng	eng
besetting	VB ING	eng	eng
resolved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
body	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
internet-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
leanings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
excerpt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chaz	PM NOM	eng	eng
jase	PM NOM	eng	eng
stephen	PM NOM	eng	eng
bridgwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
wore	VB PST	eng	eng
tracking	VB	eng	eng
primates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
decades	NN	eng	eng
object's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
agoraphobias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
merton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
caliber	NN	eng	eng
repenting	VB ING	eng	eng
chronicles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rowed	VB PRT	eng	eng
health-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
boxing	NN	eng	eng
neuroses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acrylamide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
help-giving	NN	eng	eng
peacock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grossly	AB	eng	eng
emperor's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
strike	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hozier	PM NOM	eng	eng
disabled	JJ POS	eng	eng
foundationally	AB	eng	eng
negatively	AB	eng	eng
objectory	JJ POS	eng	eng
needs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
skimming	VB ING	eng	eng
attitudinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
rears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
perennially	AB	eng	eng
averse	JJ POS	eng	eng
macbeth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
babysitting	NN	eng	eng
audios	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
legumes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parallel	JJ POS	eng	eng
afraid	JJ POS	eng	eng
speech-language	NN	eng	eng
absent	JJ POS	eng	eng
mononuclear	JJ	eng	eng
shootings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undeniable	JJ POS	eng	eng
symphony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burden	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
privatizing	VB ING	eng	eng
preserve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
happen	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
canadien	JJ POS	eng	eng
diagnosable	JJ	eng	eng
blue-e-motion	PM NOM	eng	eng
penetrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
plowman	PM NOM	eng	eng
wipers	NN PLU	eng	eng
intertextuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stray	JJ POS	eng	eng
insisting	VB ING	eng	eng
milk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
congo	PM NOM	eng	eng
drunkenness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
populous	JJ POS	eng	eng
reifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tourism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outfit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
voltage	NN	eng	eng
certificate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exploit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
megastore	PM NOM	eng	eng
sharpshot	PM NOM	eng	eng
lawrences	PM GEN	eng	eng
criterion-based	JJ	eng	eng
choses	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
pap-smear	NN	eng	eng
eritrean	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distinguish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
metadata	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
telecommunications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stones	PM NOM	eng	eng
signifiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burress	PM NOM	eng	eng
bless	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
frailty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whip	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
explosives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dylann	PM NOM	eng	eng
unsympathetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
bridged	JJ POS	eng	eng
crowne	PM NOM	eng	eng
hometown	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fullness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thermal	JJ POS	eng	eng
create	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ranch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modern-day	JJ POS	eng	eng
inspiring	VB ING	eng	eng
falsely	AB	eng	eng
swords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
educationalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prepositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evermore	PM NOM	eng	eng
complicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antidote	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greenspans	PM GEN	eng	eng
richardson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
connotes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
isolated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fifty-six	RG	eng	eng
geometry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
donors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
objectid	NN	eng	eng
globalising	VB ING	eng	eng
manning	PM NOM	eng	eng
neoliberty	NN	eng	eng
keatley	PM NOM	eng	eng
aggressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
witherspoon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cocoa	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warburton	PM NOM	eng	eng
epistemes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
two-way	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subparagraph	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
efficiency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hershey	PM NOM	eng	eng
go:s	NN	eng	eng
childs	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
sickest	JJ	eng	eng
76th	JJ POS	eng	eng
beholders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oakville	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-authenticating	NN	eng	eng
distrusts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spirometry	NN	eng	eng
chatham	PM NOM	eng	eng
subversively	AB	eng	eng
relies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quark	PM NOM	eng	eng
overseer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slither	PM NOM	eng	eng
resourced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
enclaves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
levies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tyrannical	JJ POS	eng	eng
width	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tutorial	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
restitutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detractor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-relatedness	NN	eng	eng
bachelor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
majoritarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hiv-positive	JJ POS	eng	eng
communicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
towne	NN	eng	eng
wilderness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
versos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
winefinders	PM GEN	eng	eng
typified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
glorified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
arranges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
requirements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breathe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
inheritance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freshness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
physiologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
world-view	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
secretion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
talented	JJ POS	eng	eng
episodes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nineteen	RG	eng	eng
skremz	PM NOM	eng	eng
inglourious	JJ	eng	eng
carter	PM NOM	eng	eng
brightman	PM NOM	eng	eng
trick	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
republican	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
callaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
permits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
supermodels	NN	eng	eng
powders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccombs	PM NOM	eng	eng
forty	RG	eng	eng
impinging	VB ING	eng	eng
sammamish	PM NOM	eng	eng
joust	PM NOM	eng	eng
provoke	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
quince's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hanly	PM NOM	eng	eng
rendered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
statistically	AB	eng	eng
observer-as-participant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cregut	PM NOM	eng	eng
hiking	VB ING	eng	eng
roughing	NN	eng	eng
papas	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
streamlined	JJ POS	eng	eng
mentioning	VB ING	eng	eng
agitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marys	PM GEN	eng	eng
refreshes	VB	eng	eng
ideations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ronee	PM NOM	eng	eng
thinner	JJ KOM	eng	eng
proliferating	VB ING	eng	eng
demesnes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remmick	PM NOM	eng	eng
guts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
physicalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
speeches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sandwiches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moose	PM NOM	eng	eng
stubblefield	PM NOM	eng	eng
adoptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
webs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thinkstock	PM NOM	eng	eng
modicum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
runner's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
sufferers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
on	PP	eng	eng
inferior	JJ POS	eng	eng
tombstones	PM NOM	eng	eng
council	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fathomless	JJ	eng	eng
submissively	AB	eng	eng
rhoades	PM NOM	eng	eng
losses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
socialized	JJ POS	eng	eng
tail	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gentiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commanded	VB PAP	eng	eng
whereever	AB	eng	eng
diminishing	VB ING	eng	eng
goodweather	PM NOM	eng	eng
organisationally	AB	eng	eng
monitored	JJ POS	eng	eng
null	RG	eng	eng
internalisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consignment	NN	eng	eng
clans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
court	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advantageously	AB	eng	eng
monopoly	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sabres	PM NOM	eng	eng
teachers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peninsulas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colonized	JJ POS	eng	eng
gerrit	PM NOM	eng	eng
wheatley	PM NOM	eng	eng
holistically	AB	eng	eng
ultimatum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bug	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ballistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
success	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-fostering	JJ POS	eng	eng
lust	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prefer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gettysburg's	PM GEN	eng	eng
envisioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
distraction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adventures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cool	JJ POS	eng	eng
miring	VB ING	eng	eng
longitudinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
pairings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
baring	VB	eng	eng
whalebone	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
facilitating	VB ING	eng	eng
exertion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
un-virgin	PM NOM	eng	eng
caves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retrograde	JJ POS	eng	eng
autumn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wimpy	JJ	eng	eng
helpfully	AB	eng	eng
bellies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attention-deficit	NN	eng	eng
colombian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shames	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
out	AB	eng	eng
drastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
dangerously	AB	eng	eng
looking	VB ING	eng	eng
contradiction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hapgood	PM NOM	eng	eng
barbarously	AB	eng	eng
psychobiologically	AB	eng	eng
backwardness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lowes	PM GEN	eng	eng
geraint	PM NOM	eng	eng
lateralised	JJ POS	eng	eng
mendcole	PM NOM	eng	eng
time-outs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
casework	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
require	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unconventional	JJ POS	eng	eng
promulgated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
steadman	PM NOM	eng	eng
wooldridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
vacations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
necrobusiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deltas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
storyboards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
immanences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bod	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unaccepted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
macnaughton	PM NOM	eng	eng
biology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antrim	PM NOM	eng	eng
reversing	VB ING	eng	eng
nostalgias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emphasized	JJ POS	eng	eng
aimless	JJ	eng	eng
whisperers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
casually	AB	eng	eng
rockwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
millicent	PM NOM	eng	eng
tuppence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bronchial	JJ POS	eng	eng
waterloo	PM NOM	eng	eng
militaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
authoritative	JJ POS	eng	eng
degree	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enuresis	NN	eng	eng
folders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shagwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
aspires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ipswich	PM NOM	eng	eng
straightening	VB ING	eng	eng
reactivate	VB	eng	eng
banfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
comprehend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
well-being	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kenwyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
bristol	PM NOM	eng	eng
striding	VB ING	eng	eng
green	PM NOM	eng	eng
column	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bishop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
steward	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unattended	JJ POS	eng	eng
shirin	PM NOM	eng	eng
rosebury	PM NOM	eng	eng
chillone	PM NOM	eng	eng
plymouth	PM NOM	eng	eng
arrogance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gastroplacy	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
brainwalk	PM NOM	eng	eng
specialising	VB ING	eng	eng
embarrassedly	AB	eng	eng
universalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
remarking	VB ING	eng	eng
edge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
augustine	PM NOM	eng	eng
cossey	PM NOM	eng	eng
captain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bribing	VB	eng	eng
seniors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
informations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bush	PM NOM	eng	eng
grahamstown	PM NOM	eng	eng
cape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uniteds	PM NOM	eng	eng
promotion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ambience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boy's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
consideration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contractarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pre-field	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counterarguments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
millilitre	NN	eng	eng
haggerty	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodside	PM NOM	eng	eng
radicalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
bosporus	PM NOM	eng	eng
cases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
massacres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
portsmouths	PM GEN	eng	eng
trader	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rookiecamp	PM NOM	eng	eng
convincingly	AB	eng	eng
incompatibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
salingers	PM GEN	eng	eng
george	PM NOM	eng	eng
perceiver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-generated	NN	eng	eng
goodale	PM NOM	eng	eng
shuart	PM NOM	eng	eng
authoritarianisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lieutenant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-regulating	JJ POS	eng	eng
illuminates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
publiners	PM NOM	eng	eng
staci	PM NOM	eng	eng
imaginations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
safeties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
synaptic	JJ POS	eng	eng
salvages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stainton	PM NOM	eng	eng
fathering	VB ING	eng	eng
ha	IN	eng	eng
corinthians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broughton	PM NOM	eng	eng
lender	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
typography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tartt	PM NOM	eng	eng
branagh	PM NOM	eng	eng
showtek	PM NOM	eng	eng
idealistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
vines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
formulating	VB ING	eng	eng
nightwish	NN	eng	eng
dilute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
embroideries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
simon	PM NOM	eng	eng
snaps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcenroe	PM NOM	eng	eng
enriching	VB ING	eng	eng
denominations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
social-ecological	JJ	eng	eng
eruptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ancient	JJ POS	eng	eng
dermatophagoides	NN	eng	eng
bummer	NN	eng	eng
bikers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thinness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
makers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inevitable	JJ POS	eng	eng
ohim	PM NOM	eng	eng
caroles	PM GEN	eng	eng
duly	AB	eng	eng
teaches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
welford	PM NOM	eng	eng
subsection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goodland	PM NOM	eng	eng
x-trackers	PM NOM	eng	eng
threw	VB PST	eng	eng
peter's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fonagy	PM NOM	eng	eng
widdock	PM NOM	eng	eng
hull-house	PM NOM	eng	eng
descent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mayberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
cheeese	NN	eng	eng
scoring	VB ING	eng	eng
unsaid	JJ	eng	eng
wrath	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
misunderstand	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
surrealism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maturational	JJ POS	eng	eng
cognitiv	JJ POS	eng	eng
weird	JJ POS	eng	eng
cupboard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
summarising	VB ING	eng	eng
hardtalk	PM NOM	eng	eng
mondale	PM NOM	eng	eng
investigates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
endure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
portion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
minimise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
physiques	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
necklaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inattention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
partridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
conductor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subtly	AB	eng	eng
confessional	JJ POS	eng	eng
rotated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
scraping	VB ING	eng	eng
criticising	VB ING	eng	eng
gettin	VB	eng	eng
atlanta's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shaper	PM NOM	eng	eng
princeton	PM NOM	eng	eng
consumptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rebanks	PM NOM	eng	eng
personalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vigour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
speciality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
modernising	VB	eng	eng
awaiting	VB ING	eng	eng
clewer	PM NOM	eng	eng
doyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
side-effect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vagina	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rusty	JJ	eng	eng
retaliations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waylynn	PM NOM	eng	eng
puppets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
winds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trigeminal	JJ POS	eng	eng
declaration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
camping	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
high-income	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
360-degree	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
piles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
auggie	PM NOM	eng	eng
helpfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
haptic	JJ POS	eng	eng
steuart	PM NOM	eng	eng
departmentally	AB	eng	eng
superseded	VB PAP	eng	eng
program	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
girlhood	NN	eng	eng
spincity	PM NOM	eng	eng
ogles	PM NOM	eng	eng
facilitative	JJ POS	eng	eng
center-based	JJ	eng	eng
clearcar	PM NOM	eng	eng
designer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
steans	PM NOM	eng	eng
arkansas	PM NOM	eng	eng
combs	PM NOM	eng	eng
newsrooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
borrower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distributions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yerkes	PM NOM	eng	eng
evoke	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hoc	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
request	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
move	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
prophets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cair	PM NOM	eng	eng
send	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
denigrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
coach	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
backwash	PM NOM	eng	eng
aaron	PM NOM	eng	eng
overview	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hierarchically	AB	eng	eng
forgot	VB PST	eng	eng
absorb	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
logical	JJ POS	eng	eng
litigants	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
teleologically	AB	eng	eng
archival	JJ POS	eng	eng
militias	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
alsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
iconographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
staied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
prides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
comedy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brighton	PM NOM	eng	eng
anti-oppressively	AB	eng	eng
detects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
inventory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
withitness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stonestreet	PM NOM	eng	eng
recovers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
curtsy	PM NOM	eng	eng
margaery	PM NOM	eng	eng
relapse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pursed-lip	NN	eng	eng
ocairs	PM NOM	eng	eng
physicians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reflexes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
o'hare	PM NOM	eng	eng
tense	JJ POS	eng	eng
greatwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
thieve	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macgarvin	PM NOM	eng	eng
knowle	PM NOM	eng	eng
tech	PM NOM	eng	eng
grass-roots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rationalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
honors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unanswered	JJ POS	eng	eng
fume	PM NOM	eng	eng
irreplaceable	JJ	eng	eng
imagery	JJ POS	eng	eng
costed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lovebird	NN	eng	eng
selfless	JJ POS	eng	eng
haven't	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
consult	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
denborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
ascribes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hopelessness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cecil	PM NOM	eng	eng
cheer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
foal	NN	eng	eng
sculley	PM NOM	eng	eng
bluebook	NN	eng	eng
atthe	AB	eng	eng
meeks	PM NOM	eng	eng
computer-aided	JJ POS	eng	eng
lenagan	PM NOM	eng	eng
policy-makers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
northless	PM NOM	eng	eng
tip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
witherell	PM NOM	eng	eng
acid-free	JJ	eng	eng
repel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lucidly	AB	eng	eng
directioners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
throughout	AB	eng	eng
needling	VB	eng	eng
funder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rhyme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macody	PM NOM	eng	eng
judge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
preceded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lithium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strong	JJ POS	eng	eng
rutherford's	PM GEN	eng	eng
caution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
likelihood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wouldn	VB	eng	eng
allports	PM GEN	eng	eng
keena	PM NOM	eng	eng
portuguese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
minimizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hallucination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
savage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recording	VB ING	eng	eng
afghan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whatsoever	AB	eng	eng
associate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
agoraphobic	JJ	eng	eng
doherty	PM NOM	eng	eng
setting	VB ING	eng	eng
newbold	PM NOM	eng	eng
bradfords	PM GEN	eng	eng
reborn	VB PAP	eng	eng
townships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suse	PM NOM	eng	eng
overhaul	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
intelligent	JJ POS	eng	eng
abyss	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holliday	PM NOM	eng	eng
narrows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
competes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
patron-client	JJ POS	eng	eng
oaten	PM NOM	eng	eng
exports	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ogdens	PM GEN	eng	eng
neurally	AB	eng	eng
negligence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sustain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
weightloss	NN	eng	eng
hamilton	PM NOM	eng	eng
upshall	PM NOM	eng	eng
burnham	PM NOM	eng	eng
greens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
asiandemographics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
continuities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eclipsed	JJ POS	eng	eng
pork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lodging	VB ING	eng	eng
primitivism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
changeling	PM NOM	eng	eng
shared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
idolatries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intertitles	NN PLU	eng	eng
hampering	VB ING	eng	eng
thee	PN	eng	eng
front-line	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corroded	PM NOM	eng	eng
domination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deedee	PM NOM	eng	eng
wielded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
despairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
durables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vanished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
boyega	PM NOM	eng	eng
howells	PM GEN	eng	eng
summerfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
express	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
appropriation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
selfregulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marries	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
copy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clergy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
late-modern	JJ POS	eng	eng
oversimplification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multipliers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
associates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
servicescape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
band	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mind	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ninetone	PM NOM	eng	eng
accentuated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
insurrection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perl's	PM GEN	eng	eng
murmured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
recordings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relocation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enhanced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sweden	PM NOM	eng	eng
blowing	VB ING	eng	eng
geographers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
overdues	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quahog	PM NOM	eng	eng
unrepresentative	JJ POS	eng	eng
constitutional	JJ POS	eng	eng
servings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
endgame	NN	eng	eng
tartts	PM GEN	eng	eng
intricate	JJ POS	eng	eng
favour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tharp	PM NOM	eng	eng
decolonizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
protections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deserving	VB ING	eng	eng
exploitative	JJ POS	eng	eng
asserts	VB HSI	eng	eng
prelinguistic	JJ	eng	eng
muzzin	PM NOM	eng	eng
endstate	NN	eng	eng
england's	PM GEN	eng	eng
interactant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mitting	VB ING	eng	eng
waking	VB ING	eng	eng
biker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knowers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maker	PM NOM	eng	eng
flowed	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
crepsely	PM NOM	eng	eng
disorders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
courteney	PM NOM	eng	eng
chis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unremarkable	JJ	eng	eng
daze	NN	eng	eng
newsweek	PM NOM	eng	eng
abused	JJ POS	eng	eng
individually	AB	eng	eng
hopcutt	PM NOM	eng	eng
person	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intruder	NN	eng	eng
retaliatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
alternations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indignation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
narrator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jeremy	PM NOM	eng	eng
zoolander	PM NOM	eng	eng
barbecues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allying	VB ING	eng	eng
triangulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
threws	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
beginners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intenseness	NN	eng	eng
reading	VB ING	eng	eng
locationally	AB	eng	eng
markie	PM NOM	eng	eng
physician	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clustering	VB ING	eng	eng
dissolved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shorttrack	NN	eng	eng
permission	AB	eng	eng
attractions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bracket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
omaha	PM NOM	eng	eng
unpretentious	JJ POS	eng	eng
cadmium	NN	eng	eng
xtreme	JJ	eng	eng
toxicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcinnes	PM NOM	eng	eng
responding	VB ING	eng	eng
winters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lytsy	PM NOM	eng	eng
herein	AB	eng	eng
phd-diss	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advancing	VB ING	eng	eng
mawby	PM NOM	eng	eng
intestinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
residencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flamboyantly	AB	eng	eng
emission	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outward	JJ POS	eng	eng
fetuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unbeaten	JJ	eng	eng
talks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cesigning	VB ING	eng	eng
equity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swedfresh	PM NOM	eng	eng
prentice-hall's	PM GEN	eng	eng
differentiation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weakly	AB	eng	eng
detains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
brian's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stanton	PM NOM	eng	eng
opioid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spywares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rushed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
management's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
jeebies	NN	eng	eng
mauzy	PM NOM	eng	eng
combat-related	JJ	eng	eng
catch-up	NN	eng	eng
week	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conflicts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stockmarket	NN	eng	eng
reflex	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adverts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
scanning	VB ING	eng	eng
blasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mandarins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overactive	JJ	eng	eng
rutter	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcewan	PM NOM	eng	eng
miami's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bank's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
racefox	PM NOM	eng	eng
misbehaviors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resourceful	JJ POS	eng	eng
parenterally	AB	eng	eng
want	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
keynotes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evokes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
innocently	AB	eng	eng
intangible	JJ POS	eng	eng
characteristics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
usurped	JJ POS	eng	eng
submit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pick	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
artweek	PM NOM	eng	eng
begged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
devotions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
barney	PM NOM	eng	eng
delineated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
undifferentiatedly	AB	eng	eng
difficult	JJ POS	eng	eng
tuesday	NN	eng	eng
packouz	PM NOM	eng	eng
seeking	VB ING	eng	eng
singin	VB	eng	eng
focally	AB	eng	eng
manifestation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
handling	VB ING	eng	eng
perverted	JJ POS	eng	eng
meritocracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instinctual	JJ POS	eng	eng
plugged	JJ	eng	eng
slayer	NN	eng	eng
fandom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adolescence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
primary	JJ POS	eng	eng
ours	PN	eng	eng
value-free	JJ POS	eng	eng
category	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expiring	VB ING	eng	eng
mackeith	PM NOM	eng	eng
crunch	NN	eng	eng
spun	VB PAP	eng	eng
totalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sithlord	PM NOM	eng	eng
conductors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clare	PM NOM	eng	eng
semiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manuscripts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clerical	JJ POS	eng	eng
spend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
competently	AB	eng	eng
pride	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
authorizeds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penetration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
telephoning	VB	eng	eng
st-victor	PM NOM	eng	eng
monarchy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
substitutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unfaithfully	AB	eng	eng
perversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rupture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
justfixit	PM NOM	eng	eng
low-educated	JJ	eng	eng
pre-fields	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
specificity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
honor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macallister's	PM GEN	eng	eng
boath	PM NOM	eng	eng
dementia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
haptices	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
promotions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reminders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
earned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
border	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cat's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
attenuating	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cragganmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
patriarchally	AB	eng	eng
goldsmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
murderball	PM NOM	eng	eng
familiarise	VB	eng	eng
women's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-definition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
protestant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
her-story	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decorates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hugely	AB	eng	eng
bureaucrats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sensing	VB ING	eng	eng
good-bye	IN	eng	eng
neighbor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fisher's	PM GEN	eng	eng
liquors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cross-gender	NN	eng	eng
sheerly	AB	eng	eng
tacking	VB ING	eng	eng
tantamount	JJ POS	eng	eng
retrenchments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drafters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cecils	PM GEN	eng	eng
dictated	JJ POS	eng	eng
johnston's	PM GEN	eng	eng
obstructed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
walmarts	PM GEN	eng	eng
cheers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
beanbag	NN	eng	eng
foolproof	JJ	eng	eng
attachement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cleanest	JJ	eng	eng
resurgent	JJ POS	eng	eng
warlords	NN	eng	eng
tyrones	PM GEN	eng	eng
cheverton	PM NOM	eng	eng
starting-points	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hyperglycemic	JJ	eng	eng
receivables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
o'connell	PM NOM	eng	eng
daldry	PM NOM	eng	eng
o'shaughnessy	PM NOM	eng	eng
robber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
collaterally	AB	eng	eng
release	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
solidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
excluding	VB ING	eng	eng
horwath	PM NOM	eng	eng
rhymes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
care	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sharyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
contrast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
criteria	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beckoning	JJ	eng	eng
elaines	PM GEN	eng	eng
pill-placebo	NN	eng	eng
doctrine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shiny	JJ POS	eng	eng
traumata	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mythical	JJ POS	eng	eng
helicopters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mailman	NN	eng	eng
liberal	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcgarret	PM NOM	eng	eng
hip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perceivers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-gendered	JJ POS	eng	eng
dramatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
palisades	PM NOM	eng	eng
illegally	AB	eng	eng
inaccuracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
computerisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aural	JJ POS	eng	eng
uncomplicatedly	AB	eng	eng
pejoratively	AB	eng	eng
riggan	PM NOM	eng	eng
mckeough	PM NOM	eng	eng
preventively	AB	eng	eng
craziness	NN	eng	eng
bronson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
festivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reconstitutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cholecystectomy	NN	eng	eng
polemical	JJ POS	eng	eng
finsbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
compartmentalisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intensely	AB	eng	eng
garner	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
worley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
emphatically	AB	eng	eng
broker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reclaims	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
strangeways	AB	eng	eng
arrival	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evenings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
posthuman	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcgwire	PM NOM	eng	eng
bequeathed	JJ POS	eng	eng
crystallizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hotnights	NN	eng	eng
anode	UN	eng	eng
synecdoche	NN	eng	eng
seabury	PM NOM	eng	eng
adventure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
club	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resting	VB lang:fre	eng	eng
audio	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hastened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
blindnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laughed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
removing	VB ING	eng	eng
interrelating	VB ING	eng	eng
sharpen	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mindlessly	AB	eng	eng
bargain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
brightside	PM NOM	eng	eng
ultimatums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thyne	PM NOM	eng	eng
cultivator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defy	VB	eng	eng
original	JJ POS	eng	eng
kenworthy	PM NOM	eng	eng
wiper	NN	eng	eng
cross-functional	JJ POS	eng	eng
wasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fascinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
restrictedly	AB	eng	eng
ecologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whisperer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
travelling	VB ING	eng	eng
mcardle	PM NOM	eng	eng
modernistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
driver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nostalgia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
empirically	AB	eng	eng
modine	PM NOM	eng	eng
immanence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tourists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amazed	JJ POS	eng	eng
burke	PM NOM	eng	eng
substantiate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
harmful	JJ POS	eng	eng
mccurdy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nates	PM GEN	eng	eng
shaunae	PM NOM	eng	eng
chose	VB PST	eng	eng
buchannon	PM NOM	eng	eng
mices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lynching	VB ING	eng	eng
crop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expose	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wary	JJ POS	eng	eng
cutthroat	JJ	eng	eng
latham	PM NOM	eng	eng
jingels	PM NOM	eng	eng
dense	JJ POS	eng	eng
resort	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
schofield	PM NOM	eng	eng
consistently	AB	eng	eng
developed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
agitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lakatosian	JJ	eng	eng
mahogany	PM NOM	eng	eng
permanencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peavy	PM NOM	eng	eng
scarcity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
league	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dungeons	PM NOM	eng	eng
equivalence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stone	PM NOM	eng	eng
football	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holcomb	PM NOM	eng	eng
bosworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
accusator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
well-articulated	JJ	eng	eng
motowns	PM GEN	eng	eng
by-product	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bonjovi	PM NOM	eng	eng
alone	AB	eng	eng
rainforests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drummed	VB	eng	eng
corrected	JJ POS	eng	eng
sargent	PM NOM	eng	eng
kegley	PM NOM	eng	eng
naples	PM NOM	eng	eng
grounded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
found	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
evident	JJ POS	eng	eng
secretions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cocaine-amphetamine-regulated	JJ	eng	eng
canister	NN	eng	eng
neato	PM NOM	eng	eng
dip	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sword	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indulgences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
salmons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peninsula	NN	eng	eng
unpleasure	NN	eng	eng
kizzire	PM NOM	eng	eng
rejects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pioneer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
white-collars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
herculines	PM GEN	eng	eng
kerri	PM NOM	eng	eng
populism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
association	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poisonously	AB	eng	eng
donor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
paras	N PLU	eng	eng
goodshape	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
exact-respiratory	NN	eng	eng
term	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assigned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
centres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harshly	AB	eng	eng
pathological	JJ POS	eng	eng
hits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
leahey	PM NOM	eng	eng
coolest	JJ	eng	eng
toughly	AB	eng	eng
tombstone	NN	eng	eng
brabbins	PM NOM	eng	eng
scrutinies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liberalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
showtic	NN	eng	eng
methodologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corman	PM NOM	eng	eng
townes	NN	eng	eng
door	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
take-offs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
roswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
marlee	PM NOM	eng	eng
stock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
widths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
academically	AB	eng	eng
heralded	VB PAP	eng	eng
whimper	PM NOM	eng	eng
undecided	JJ POS	eng	eng
wedderburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
culinary	JJ	eng	eng
territorially	AB	eng	eng
greenspan	PM NOM	eng	eng
familiies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychomotor	NN	eng	eng
tricks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wannacry	PM NOM	eng	eng
bringing	VB ING	eng	eng
lingua	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
verso	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waterston	PM NOM	eng	eng
pythons	PM GEN	eng	eng
headmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
threshing	VB ING	eng	eng
initiated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
quaintly	AB	eng	eng
lucrative	JJ POS	eng	eng
airs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paedophile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parodies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newsday	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enterprising	VB ING	eng	eng
opened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shellfish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
explosive	JJ POS	eng	eng
flights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sutty	PM NOM	eng	eng
holbrooke	PM NOM	eng	eng
jamie	PM NOM	eng	eng
signifier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shortest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
hail	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
francophone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
naismith	PM NOM	eng	eng
meetwavy	PM NOM	eng	eng
having	VB ING	eng	eng
floral	JJ POS	eng	eng
depreciations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
engraved	JJ POS	eng	eng
economically	AB	eng	eng
mores	PM NOM	eng	eng
caught	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
quinn's	PM GEN	eng	eng
willed	JJ POS	eng	eng
osteens	PM GEN	eng	eng
duffey	PM NOM	eng	eng
moon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
detractors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unclean	JJ POS	eng	eng
sproull	PM NOM	eng	eng
premature	JJ POS	eng	eng
dyads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
surpassed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rationality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dose-response	NN	eng	eng
courts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anohni	PM NOM	eng	eng
working	VB ING	eng	eng
savannah's	PM GEN	eng	eng
psychological	JJ POS	eng	eng
clapping	VB	eng	eng
reconceptualising	VB ING	eng	eng
exponential	JJ POS	eng	eng
republics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nursing	NN	eng	eng
warburtons	PM GEN	eng	eng
palestinians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
threadgold	PM NOM	eng	eng
entwisle	PM NOM	eng	eng
moorman	PM NOM	eng	eng
buzzwords	NN PLU	eng	eng
ecumenically	AB	eng	eng
toothless	JJ	eng	eng
long-haul	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anxiously	AB	eng	eng
oils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
summercamp	PM NOM	eng	eng
ooh	IN	eng	eng
transcript	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heavyweight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
people's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
contest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
far-reaching	JJ POS	eng	eng
lites	JJ	eng	eng
urie	PM NOM	eng	eng
consultative	JJ POS	eng	eng
propagated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
terminological	JJ POS	eng	eng
warringer	PM NOM	eng	eng
belong	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
self-defeating	VB ING	eng	eng
dispassionately	AB	eng	eng
romanticisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eagleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
sick	JJ POS	eng	eng
safely	AB	eng	eng
historiography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
milburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
foresee	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chronicle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harvards	PM GEN	eng	eng
holloway's	PM GEN	eng	eng
harpmeet	PM NOM	eng	eng
once	AB	eng	eng
war	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shame	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crimmins	PM NOM	eng	eng
jackson	PM NOM	eng	eng
neely	PM NOM	eng	eng
domesticities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
white-eyed	JJ	eng	eng
carelessly	AB	eng	eng
whitson	PM NOM	eng	eng
bushels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vibes	NN	eng	eng
all-american	JJ POS	eng	eng
dorothy	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoyles	PM GEN	eng	eng
jetblue	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcquillan	PM NOM	eng	eng
vindicated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shackle	PM NOM	eng	eng
we've	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
beaumont	PM NOM	eng	eng
rationally	AB	eng	eng
ramsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
halves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leatherface	NN	eng	eng
curiously	AB	eng	eng
ambiguously	AB	eng	eng
duplications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
humanitarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
penfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
baptized	JJ POS	eng	eng
clashed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
yardbirds	NN PLU	eng	eng
obliges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
vehicles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conflictually	AB	eng	eng
delta	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deviate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
greenshirt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
speech	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
invisibility	JJ POS	eng	eng
rib	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multilateral	JJ POS	eng	eng
parrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
sporadically	AB	eng	eng
energises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
announcing	VB ING	eng	eng
mainland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contraceptives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forefront	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pearlman	PM NOM	eng	eng
importations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disintegrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deciphering	VB ING	eng	eng
doell	PM NOM	eng	eng
succeed	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bloodstream	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mountains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penetrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
buccaneers	PM NOM	eng	eng
gazed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
credability	NN	eng	eng
lawson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dwerse	PM NOM	eng	eng
realizing	VB ING	eng	eng
snowleg's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcelrath	PM NOM	eng	eng
lighter	JJ KOM	eng	eng
regulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mathew's	PM GEN	eng	eng
player	PM NOM	eng	eng
illustrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
channel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
twenty-seventh	RO	eng	eng
tradeoff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neat	JJ	eng	eng
redrose	PM NOM	eng	eng
cancelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bare	JJ POS	eng	eng
reese	PM NOM	eng	eng
fenced	VB	eng	eng
heath-lexington	PM NOM	eng	eng
maryland	PM NOM	eng	eng
antwon	PM NOM	eng	eng
cheetah	PM NOM	eng	eng
hysterias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waxing	VB	eng	eng
time-space	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gillies	PM NOM	eng	eng
pathway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nervously	AB	eng	eng
strongest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
cytokine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scarce	JJ POS	eng	eng
reminiscences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
epicurean	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gosh	IN	eng	eng
fryers	PM NOM	eng	eng
supervision-tutoring	JJ POS	eng	eng
drawns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
professor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sexsmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
multinationally	AB	eng	eng
nirvanas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cingulectomy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distributionally	AB	eng	eng
palpable	JJ POS	eng	eng
dialog	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
capitalised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
grievance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discontents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
barracuda	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sizable	JJ POS	eng	eng
len	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
child-rearing	VB ING	eng	eng
mrs	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legitimised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
motels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bullets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
socialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
excellent	JJ POS	eng	eng
shriley	PM NOM	eng	eng
favorites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enacting	VB ING	eng	eng
osteoarthritis	NN	eng	eng
butters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crimean	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gizmo	NN	eng	eng
rollers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
howland	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcreynolds	PM NOM	eng	eng
agencification	NN	eng	eng
hybridized	VB PAP	eng	eng
fanboy	NN	eng	eng
sewn	VB PAP	eng	eng
lexi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
darth	PM NOM	eng	eng
crabtree	PM NOM	eng	eng
eurosport	PM NOM	eng	eng
refection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
horschel	PM NOM	eng	eng
thematically	AB	eng	eng
appropriated	JJ POS	eng	eng
racially	AB	eng	eng
cellular	JJ POS	eng	eng
freedomland	PM NOM	eng	eng
geology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcclannahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
credence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcwhinney	PM NOM	eng	eng
inferring	VB ING	eng	eng
drinkers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glands	N PLU	eng	eng
mistresses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subtitling	VB ING	eng	eng
existent	JJ POS	eng	eng
allyours	PM NOM	eng	eng
agouti-related	JJ	eng	eng
environmentalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hike	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
magnificent	JJ POS	eng	eng
freaky	PM NOM	eng	eng
cultivates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
loudness	NN	eng	eng
focusing	VB ING	eng	eng
problem-solving	JJ POS	eng	eng
barbaric	JJ POS	eng	eng
profitable	JJ POS	eng	eng
tambourine	PM NOM	eng	eng
kiedis	PM NOM	eng	eng
croom's	PM GEN	eng	eng
langton	PM NOM	eng	eng
travellink	PM NOM	eng	eng
neurolinguistics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wipes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
coastal	JJ POS	eng	eng
demanded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sharper	JJ KOM	eng	eng
strenuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
align	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
powerboat	PM NOM	eng	eng
austerely	AB	eng	eng
false-belief	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
admonitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rampantly	AB	eng	eng
headquartered	JJ POS	eng	eng
dispersal	JJ POS	eng	eng
encryptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
behavioral	JJ POS	eng	eng
troubling	JJ POS	eng	eng
sexy	JJ POS	eng	eng
selfishly	AB	eng	eng
baywood	PM NOM	eng	eng
tools	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diverse	JJ POS	eng	eng
feminisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ondine	PM NOM	eng	eng
koran	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
now	AB	eng	eng
wise	JJ POS	eng	eng
groomsmen	NN PLU	eng	eng
warmth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
situational	JJ POS	eng	eng
fantasize	VB	eng	eng
sirens	PM NOM	eng	eng
hereby	AB	eng	eng
own	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
socks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prioritizing	VB ING	eng	eng
intonations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mermaidia	PM NOM	eng	eng
penal	JJ POS	eng	eng
proclaim	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
firesetting	VB ING	eng	eng
lindey	PM NOM	eng	eng
exercice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corpuscular	JJ	eng	eng
carney	PM NOM	eng	eng
estonian	JJ	eng	eng
neighbourhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resulted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
street-level	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coke	PM NOM	eng	eng
keoghan	PM NOM	eng	eng
diagnosing	VB ING	eng	eng
toward	PP	eng	eng
fewest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
enactments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commuted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
atopic	JJ	eng	eng
wallabies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fundamentalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grandfathers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mulford	PM NOM	eng	eng
potential	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cassidy	PM NOM	eng	eng
scholastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
creature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
farmer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neglect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jeffords	PM GEN	eng	eng
carrithers	PM NOM	eng	eng
volatility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
purchasers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mouton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
brewerton	PM NOM	eng	eng
jigsaws	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bouton	PM NOM	eng	eng
gunshot	NN	eng	eng
vatican	PM NOM	eng	eng
ceased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stricken	VB PAP	eng	eng
prairy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
closets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
underlays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
valiant	JJ	eng	eng
eucharist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lexicon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
child-care	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pulled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
relayed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
modes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
potiential	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
societal	JJ POS	eng	eng
accountants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
possessive	JJ POS	eng	eng
chemicals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sized	JJ POS	eng	eng
brandies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pantheon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
summon	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
uninvited	AB	eng	eng
supplemented	JJ POS	eng	eng
apocalypses	NN	eng	eng
lowers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
typicalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wycombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
dancers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
estimating	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incongruous	JJ POS	eng	eng
jewry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foot-in-the-mouth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buyways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bounce	NN	eng	eng
placebos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bungy	NN	eng	eng
pilot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mistreatment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
medialized	AB	eng	eng
rabbids	PM NOM	eng	eng
nearby	AB	eng	eng
customarily	AB	eng	eng
12th	JJ POS	eng	eng
baptism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
partialities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
referents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
life-years	NN PLU	eng	eng
supermarket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sex	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disposals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
readmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
aids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
summary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stayers	NN PLU	eng	eng
nevabooks	PM NOM	eng	eng
caplans	PM GEN	eng	eng
generality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ulcer	NN	eng	eng
kirby's	PM GEN	eng	eng
humour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tie	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
roadsides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abolish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bates's	PM GEN	eng	eng
confederations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pickstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
assembling	VB ING	eng	eng
emerg	PM NOM	eng	eng
define'em	NN	eng	eng
virtue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goldfrapp	PM NOM	eng	eng
howl	VB	eng	eng
gravels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
libertarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
denominationally	AB	eng	eng
indistinguishable	JJ POS	eng	eng
cand	PM NOM	eng	eng
atomics	JJ	eng	eng
bricolage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colimon	PM NOM	eng	eng
generalising	VB ING	eng	eng
clough	PM NOM	eng	eng
fertilizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
complication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stagnated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
vardenafil	NN	eng	eng
androgynies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tray	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trotting	VB ING	eng	eng
beaten	VB PAP	eng	eng
quigley	PM NOM	eng	eng
sovereigns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
foregrounding	VB ING	eng	eng
measles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
illusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swung	VB PST	eng	eng
andrew	PM NOM	eng	eng
dares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hardcastle's	PM GEN	eng	eng
variance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
technic	PM NOM	eng	eng
verbalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
butterworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
unclear	JJ POS	eng	eng
applies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cherished	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
songburning	PM NOM	eng	eng
slabs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
occupation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
connett	PM NOM	eng	eng
participant's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
bygrave	PM NOM	eng	eng
impoliteness	NN	eng	eng
dorsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
counsel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
easterby	PM NOM	eng	eng
ideologically	AB	eng	eng
intransigently	AB	eng	eng
jace	PM NOM	eng	eng
word-artist	NN	eng	eng
gifted	JJ POS	eng	eng
42nd	RO	eng	eng
dusenbery	PM NOM	eng	eng
relations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fun	JJ POS	eng	eng
wildcards	NN	eng	eng
franklyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
misconceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
floods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aviation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cultivation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-rating	NN	eng	eng
road	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whipping	VB ING	eng	eng
radiotherapy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discourse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enabled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
accordances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
playday	PM NOM	eng	eng
tailors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
case-study	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
north-west	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undertaking	VB ING	eng	eng
bree	PM NOM	eng	eng
ranes	PM GEN	eng	eng
journalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
argumentatively	AB	eng	eng
photography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disbelief	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lincolnwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
restricting	VB lang:fre	eng	eng
optimise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
abnormalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drops	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unfairness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redistributed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
o'halloran	PM NOM	eng	eng
fineline	PM NOM	eng	eng
horrible	JJ POS	eng	eng
attained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subtle	JJ POS	eng	eng
sturgess	PM NOM	eng	eng
huntington's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ado	NN	eng	eng
ferment	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
goodfriend	NN	eng	eng
counterfeightr	PM NOM	eng	eng
depress	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
formula	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
projector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
signatory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
biochemistry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redemptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
subchronic	JJ	eng	eng
jail	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immunoradiometric	JJ	eng	eng
inflow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
steaming	VB ING	eng	eng
tomb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ladykillers	NN	eng	eng
multifunctionally	AB	eng	eng
austrians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crimewave	NN	eng	eng
hollow	JJ	eng	eng
sideshow	NN	eng	eng
vigilantly	AB	eng	eng
valueguards	PM GEN	eng	eng
scoville	PM NOM	eng	eng
scaffolding	VB ING	eng	eng
mercruiser	PM NOM	eng	eng
stubborn	JJ POS	eng	eng
serenities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coconuts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
borderline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rakie	PM NOM	eng	eng
give-aways	NN	eng	eng
reprehensible	JJ POS	eng	eng
speculatively	AB	eng	eng
whitmont	PM NOM	eng	eng
tempers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
capitalism's	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cortically	AB	eng	eng
thaad	PM NOM	eng	eng
incrementally	AB	eng	eng
riverboat	NN	eng	eng
bikes	NN	eng	eng
makes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
confesses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
discovered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hypothesizing	VB ING	eng	eng
youmo	PM NOM	eng	eng
deconstructing	VB ING	eng	eng
organisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diverging	VB ING	eng	eng
uncertainties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
superiors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stainless	JJ	eng	eng
mackworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
exceeding	VB ING	eng	eng
quantifiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
selfishness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
longhouse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bottom-up	JJ POS	eng	eng
breakdown	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
disapproval	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
routine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ecclesially	AB	eng	eng
sungift	PM NOM	eng	eng
firstfood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dances	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
shoven	PM NOM	eng	eng
scissors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ontology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
horsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
sucking	VB ING	eng	eng
feets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
superego	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yokes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beloved	JJ POS	eng	eng
moving	VB ING	eng	eng
indicators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
super	JJ POS	eng	eng
postgraduates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prized	JJ POS	eng	eng
leyton	PM NOM	eng	eng
nervousness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subtype	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sometimes	AB	eng	eng
outcasts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
smythe	PM NOM	eng	eng
bisexual	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vulgarly	AB	eng	eng
leafy	JJ	eng	eng
tightness	NN	eng	eng
abstain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
atheoretical	JJ	eng	eng
organisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marbles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
libyan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overdose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gatlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
avatars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chamberlain	PM NOM	eng	eng
europes	PM GEN	eng	eng
clique	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clarkes	PM GEN	eng	eng
jokes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
they'll	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
eye-reflex	NN	eng	eng
enunciation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treatises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leaven	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stirner	PM NOM	eng	eng
rifle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reconstitution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ordinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
illiteracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reconsiders	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
anaestesiology	NN	eng	eng
resemble	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
proportional	JJ POS	eng	eng
apparelling	VB ING	eng	eng
modeling	VB ING	eng	eng
billboard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
endeavours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pumpkin	NN	eng	eng
transpiring	VB	eng	eng
emulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
manuals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rotherhams	PM GEN	eng	eng
infant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deployments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
investments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pitfall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stabilizers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ayling	PM NOM	eng	eng
kingdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
environmentally-friendly	JJ POS	eng	eng
similarities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hewstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
terrifyingly	AB	eng	eng
trespassing	VB ING	eng	eng
cherlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
centric	JJ POS	eng	eng
scatters	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
preeminently	AB	eng	eng
lateness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raindrop	NN	eng	eng
houghton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
kearran	PM NOM	eng	eng
copleston	PM NOM	eng	eng
overeaters	NN PLU	eng	eng
northeastern	JJ POS	eng	eng
receipts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greeting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
documented	JJ POS	eng	eng
stanway	PM NOM	eng	eng
real	JJ POS	eng	eng
gervaize	PM NOM	eng	eng
lollapalooza	PM NOM	eng	eng
woolman	PM NOM	eng	eng
priceline	PM NOM	eng	eng
prevalent	JJ POS	eng	eng
agentry	NN	eng	eng
goodwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
dowland	PM NOM	eng	eng
frenchman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
offense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gershwin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
self-helps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hospitalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
registrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disintegration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
update	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lakoff	PM NOM	eng	eng
loveletter	NN	eng	eng
seasonality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laying	VB ING	eng	eng
rhetorically	AB	eng	eng
usefulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
territoriality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sparrowhawk	PM NOM	eng	eng
criminals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
worthwhile	JJ POS	eng	eng
hurrying	VB	eng	eng
testify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
y-axis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
avowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pregnancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
complexes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crucible	JJ POS	eng	eng
shunned	VB PST	eng	eng
extracorporeal	JJ	eng	eng
bottled	JJ POS	eng	eng
logiware	PM NOM	eng	eng
interpreters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
falsifying	VB ING	eng	eng
phenomenon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blamed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
oakly	PM NOM	eng	eng
stemming	VB ING	eng	eng
moho	PM NOM	eng	eng
optimizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revolutionists	NN PLU	eng	eng
revitalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
answers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pattison	PM NOM	eng	eng
bradbrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
albums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
temperance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tipperary	PM NOM	eng	eng
daine	PM NOM	eng	eng
epiphenomenalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychoanalyst	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slipknot	PM NOM	eng	eng
breezes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
feedforward	NN	eng	eng
buzzing	VB	eng	eng
brazil	PM NOM	eng	eng
wrestling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fogg	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
noticing	VB ING	eng	eng
chameleons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stifle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burst	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
genealogy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
irvings	PM GEN	eng	eng
organize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
boilers	NN PLU	eng	eng
bowls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
query	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imprisonments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minister	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dizziness	NN	eng	eng
if	KN	eng	eng
chichesters	PM GEN	eng	eng
benchley	PM NOM	eng	eng
highhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
poisons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
encompasses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
portway	PM NOM	eng	eng
gladwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
glazier's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
pretense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
movements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refrigerate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
connectionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inhibitory	JJ POS	eng	eng
2-month-olds	NN	eng	eng
hypothesised	VB PRT	eng	eng
jefferson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
offence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smooth	JJ POS	eng	eng
expertly	AB	eng	eng
squared	JJ POS	eng	eng
edging	VB	eng	eng
justifiable	JJ POS	eng	eng
reetz	PM NOM	eng	eng
rewiew	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prohibit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
explore	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
destroyed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
scrooges	PM GEN	eng	eng
attempting	VB ING	eng	eng
mcmullan	PM NOM	eng	eng
goods	PM NOM	eng	eng
impartiality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glenlivet	PM NOM	eng	eng
broomsticks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
holli	PM NOM	eng	eng
postulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
londoners	NN	eng	eng
jeopardized	VB PAP	eng	eng
burish	PM NOM	eng	eng
guises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mannerism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hospital-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
magnettes	PM NOM	eng	eng
condoleezza	PM NOM	eng	eng
garrow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
erased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
addams	PM NOM	eng	eng
devilman	PM NOM	eng	eng
impetus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gadgets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lydden	PM NOM	eng	eng
fortifying	VB	eng	eng
tranquil	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-appraisals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cohesive	JJ POS	eng	eng
chainsaw	NN	eng	eng
three-yearly	AB	eng	eng
re-established	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
theorise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
donations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marketingpower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strapping	VB	eng	eng
neo-pagan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repertoires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychonomic	JJ POS	eng	eng
chesbrough	PM NOM	eng	eng
centeredness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
citation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
republished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cracknells	PM NOM	eng	eng
crichton	PM NOM	eng	eng
izraeli	AB	eng	eng
subjected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
repudiated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
escapade	NN	eng	eng
uninteresting	JJ POS	eng	eng
shelbyville	PM NOM	eng	eng
zingzillas	PM NOM	eng	eng
wearer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manageability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bedrocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obsessed	JJ POS	eng	eng
seeing	VB ING	eng	eng
bernel	PM NOM	eng	eng
seasonally	AB	eng	eng
tidy	JJ POS	eng	eng
witty	JJ POS	eng	eng
through	PP	eng	eng
insignias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
productively	AB	eng	eng
flaming	VB	eng	eng
business-to-business	AB	eng	eng
cod	NN	eng	eng
dangers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peterswood	PM NOM	eng	eng
haymer	PM NOM	eng	eng
hairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
learningwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
mayle	PM NOM	eng	eng
glows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mongols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mannerisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mckeown	PM NOM	eng	eng
wolverine	NN	eng	eng
shearman	PM NOM	eng	eng
peaceloving	JJ POS	eng	eng
vulnerability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
franchisees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ouestioning	VB spell	eng	eng
postulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
element	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
explorers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ymca	ACR	eng	eng
brinkmanship	NN	eng	eng
coincidental	JJ POS	eng	eng
pluses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cleavage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agribusinesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
genders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pringle	PM NOM	eng	eng
loafs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rouse	VB	eng	eng
reiterated	JJ POS	eng	eng
poststructuralist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
degenerating	VB ING	eng	eng
consumer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
problematic	JJ POS	eng	eng
lift	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unapproachable	JJ	eng	eng
hypothalamus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buckman	PM NOM	eng	eng
ingenious	JJ POS	eng	eng
sexual	JJ POS	eng	eng
welldefined	JJ POS	eng	eng
mccowan	PM NOM	eng	eng
tediously	AB	eng	eng
electorate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
searched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
heathers	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychologicas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pole	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theorist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
friezes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sikhs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
occult	JJ POS	eng	eng
legend	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ski	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thoughtfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canopy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disadvantageous	JJ POS	eng	eng
above-average	AB	eng	eng
platonism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gareth	PM NOM	eng	eng
europace	PM NOM	eng	eng
hogwarts	PM GEN	eng	eng
neo-pagans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interdependence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bulworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
goldcard	NN	eng	eng
grayson	PM NOM	eng	eng
laps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
p-consciousness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
materialisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
calendar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
viable	JJ POS	eng	eng
die	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
asterisks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
volontary	PM NOM	eng	eng
saphire	PM NOM	eng	eng
bracketting	VB ING	eng	eng
caring	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ostensible	JJ POS	eng	eng
brían	PM NOM	eng	eng
booby	PM NOM	eng	eng
surprised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
scholar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
july	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
connection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shielding	VB	eng	eng
finalised	VB PRT	eng	eng
cypriot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lacked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
badger	PM NOM	eng	eng
detached	JJ POS	eng	eng
lhota	PM NOM	eng	eng
dance	NN	eng	eng
listing	VB ING	eng	eng
dignifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
voluminously	AB	eng	eng
cameras	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
madlen	PM NOM	eng	eng
icebar	NN	eng	eng
windsor's	PM GEN	eng	eng
uncontroversially	AB	eng	eng
compensating	VB ING	eng	eng
parables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bitstream	NN	eng	eng
corridor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coover	PM NOM	eng	eng
applauded	VB PAP	eng	eng
approximate	VB NOM	eng	eng
disciplined	JJ POS	eng	eng
neediness	NN	eng	eng
masculinity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dictionary	NN	eng	eng
five-factor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buttoning	VB	eng	eng
logos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-help	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liturgy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appreciably	AB	eng	eng
carson	PM NOM	eng	eng
quarreled	VB PRT	eng	eng
self-organization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rags	NN	eng	eng
joeys	PM GEN	eng	eng
rethinking	VB ING	eng	eng
revolution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pittsford	PM NOM	eng	eng
hawker	PM NOM	eng	eng
settlements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chatterjee	PM NOM	eng	eng
timeless	JJ POS	eng	eng
jozy	PM NOM	eng	eng
monnerville	PM NOM	eng	eng
grandfathered	JJ	eng	eng
mcintyres	PM GEN	eng	eng
self-evidently	AB	eng	eng
brunt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inverse	JJ POS	eng	eng
retrospects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rifles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
austers	PM GEN	eng	eng
excites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lamasery	NN	eng	eng
open-ended	JJ POS	eng	eng
megson	PM NOM	eng	eng
annexed	JJ POS	eng	eng
cheesecake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
betray	BN	eng	eng
petrols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fixtures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jellicoes	PM GEN	eng	eng
chameleon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
critiques	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wrestlings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cropping	VB ING	eng	eng
adopter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trailers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inquiring	VB ING	eng	eng
shea	PM NOM	eng	eng
newbury's	PM GEN	eng	eng
serbia	PM NOM	eng	eng
11th	JJ POS	eng	eng
spirited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
acadsci	PM NOM	eng	eng
bravely	AB	eng	eng
immaterial	JJ POS	eng	eng
grid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prior	JJ POS	eng	eng
someone	PB	eng	eng
transcribe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
zoom	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
livesley	PM NOM	eng	eng
10cc	PM NOM	eng	eng
disenchanted	JJ POS	eng	eng
play-face	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
representatively	AB	eng	eng
clumsiness	NN	eng	eng
spouses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deteriorates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
protects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
banal	JJ POS	eng	eng
distributively	AB	eng	eng
comprehensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
neutral	JJ POS	eng	eng
discussed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wake	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
undervalued	JJ POS	eng	eng
indicator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
solution-focused	JJ	eng	eng
album	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reciprocities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keegans	PM GEN	eng	eng
customizing	VB ING	eng	eng
constellation	NN	eng	eng
civilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
espouses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
immediately	AB	eng	eng
browne	PM NOM	eng	eng
marjons	PM GEN	eng	eng
bursts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
temple	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitt's	PM GEN	eng	eng
creeping	JJ POS	eng	eng
misleading	VB ING	eng	eng
imprison	VB	eng	eng
automaticity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entrepreneurship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overturned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chapter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drewery	PM NOM	eng	eng
christchurch	PM NOM	eng	eng
stiles	PM NOM	eng	eng
dangerousness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rotherham	PM NOM	eng	eng
steroids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liaison	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expanding	VB ING	eng	eng
apex	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
upsetting	JJ POS	eng	eng
anti-jewish	JJ POS	eng	eng
houston's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stimulating	JJ POS	eng	eng
endeavour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
billboards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nasrec	PM NOM	eng	eng
headquarters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marooned	JJ	eng	eng
knight's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cockroaches	NN	eng	eng
headways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
erections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
daybreak	NN	eng	eng
mcginnis	PM NOM	eng	eng
surviver	NN	eng	eng
scrawny	PM NOM	eng	eng
polewey	PM NOM	eng	eng
beaks	VB	eng	eng
categorization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unmistakably	AB	eng	eng
optimist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
projectors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unlock	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gratify	VB	eng	eng
soundscapes	NN PLU	eng	eng
caledonian	JJ POS	eng	eng
recommendations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attracts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
allyson	PM NOM	eng	eng
kidnapping	VB ING	eng	eng
athletix	PM NOM	eng	eng
adult's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
cyberbook	NN	eng	eng
judicially	AB	eng	eng
collectivistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
phobias	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
turned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
huddersfields	PM GEN	eng	eng
religioscape	NN	eng	eng
thrived	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
guise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unprotected	JJ POS	eng	eng
esteemed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
disbeliefs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
depicting	VB ING	eng	eng
protests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cigar	NN	eng	eng
angrily	AB	eng	eng
structuration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hunting	VB ING	eng	eng
tethered	VB	eng	eng
outsourced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cleansing	VB ING	eng	eng
reshaped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
servant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discourses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aristotle's	PM GEN	eng	eng
disturbed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dorsets	PM GEN	eng	eng
excruciating	VB	eng	eng
turris	PM NOM	eng	eng
naturalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contemplating	VB ING	eng	eng
blushing	VB ING	eng	eng
shrimp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonsocially	AB	eng	eng
breakdowns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
longhouses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wallbase	PM NOM	eng	eng
differences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buttressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
maybery	PM NOM	eng	eng
dave	PM NOM	eng	eng
ascriptively	AB	eng	eng
wrecking	VB	eng	eng
authors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perpetual	JJ POS	eng	eng
pertain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
probably	AB	eng	eng
users	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bedchambers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yoakam	PM NOM	eng	eng
clearinghouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
roadnight	PM NOM	eng	eng
entertaining	JJ POS	eng	eng
endovascular	JJ	eng	eng
irreverently	AB	eng	eng
lesbian	JJ POS	eng	eng
torturing	VB	eng	eng
clap	VB	eng	eng
knightley	PM NOM	eng	eng
incidentally	AB	eng	eng
demonstrative	JJ POS	eng	eng
nidoqueen	PM NOM	eng	eng
newlove	PM NOM	eng	eng
stroking	VB ING	eng	eng
generous	JJ POS	eng	eng
outliers	PM NOM FREQ:10	eng	eng
coombs	PM NOM	eng	eng
studies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contradicted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
comeonhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
scant	JJ POS	eng	eng
classifying	VB ING	eng	eng
better-off	JJ POS	eng	eng
biographers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
researches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
haines	PM NOM	eng	eng
encroachment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
verbalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
itemises	VB	eng	eng
circa	AB	eng	eng
truetype	PM NOM	eng	eng
em	UN	eng	eng
marley	PM NOM	eng	eng
domains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stoudemire	PM NOM	eng	eng
birley	PM NOM	eng	eng
cluttered	JJ POS	eng	eng
primrose	NN	eng	eng
axing	VB	eng	eng
grace's	PM GEN	eng	eng
supposing	VB ING	eng	eng
sympathisers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
man-eating	JJ	eng	eng
sovereign	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conjoined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reeses	PM GEN	eng	eng
mix	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outreaches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tangle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
functionally	AB	eng	eng
terminologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
client	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reinforcing	VB ING	eng	eng
mobilised	JJ POS	eng	eng
outflows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fourthly	AB	eng	eng
etiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shopped	VB PRT	eng	eng
wharry	PM NOM	eng	eng
sullivans	PM NOM	eng	eng
commonly	AB	eng	eng
unpacks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
commonality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
radicals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backroad	PM NOM	eng	eng
friction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insoluble	JJ POS	eng	eng
hartcourt	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonmoral	JJ POS	eng	eng
mini	JJ POS	eng	eng
brewin	PM NOM	eng	eng
joins	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
denoting	VB ING	eng	eng
drawn	VB PAP	eng	eng
battleson	PM NOM	eng	eng
fryer	PM NOM	eng	eng
re-establishing	VB ING	eng	eng
inner-cities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beverly	PM NOM	eng	eng
ignores	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
manors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whisman	PM NOM	eng	eng
cootation	NN spell	eng	eng
hilburns	PM GEN	eng	eng
counterbalances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jollywobbles	PM NOM	eng	eng
arbitrators	NN PLU	eng	eng
shoutin	JJ	eng	eng
accumulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kendricks	PM NOM	eng	eng
tragically	AB	eng	eng
journeyed	VB	eng	eng
mocking	VB ING	eng	eng
disowned	VB	eng	eng
flee	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tansy	PM NOM	eng	eng
motel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proteins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
zones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
students	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gladly	AB	eng	eng
incommensurable	JJ POS	eng	eng
cervical	JJ POS	eng	eng
citizenships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rye	PM NOM	eng	eng
masham	PM NOM	eng	eng
orthopsychiatry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kubrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
thirdspace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paleness	NN	eng	eng
groupthink	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enforcements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polycystic	JJ	eng	eng
albarn	PM NOM	eng	eng
whiting	PM NOM	eng	eng
acting	VB	eng	eng
examiner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alaskans	NN	eng	eng
eucharists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
circumvent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wirth	PM NOM	eng	eng
cleese	PM NOM	eng	eng
have	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
servanthood	PM NOM	eng	eng
dawns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
howard	PM NOM	eng	eng
trees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rubric	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kickstarting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
purchaser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postcommunist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
invoice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
startups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
utopia	PM NOM	eng	eng
jethro	PM NOM	eng	eng
adds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
enforce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
thousand	RG	eng	eng
libertys	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
potentials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
daley	PM NOM	eng	eng
goldberg's	PM GEN	eng	eng
marginalised	JJ POS	eng	eng
cutback	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aligns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
enactment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lightweight	JJ POS	eng	eng
pinpointing	VB ING	eng	eng
sclerosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seymore	PM NOM	eng	eng
decoratively	AB	eng	eng
carvings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
behests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-administered	JJ	eng	eng
antisocially	AB	eng	eng
likeaqueen	PM NOM	eng	eng
hooked	JJ POS	eng	eng
analysing	VB ING	eng	eng
goofy	PM NOM	eng	eng
patrons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beggars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boroughs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cottage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
picnic	PM NOM	eng	eng
snowy	JJ	eng	eng
upstream	JJ POS	eng	eng
kernel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recuring	VB ING	eng	eng
brainstorming	VB ING	eng	eng
redhawks	PM NOM	eng	eng
ruffin	PM NOM	eng	eng
sutherlands	PM GEN	eng	eng
life-year	NN	eng	eng
mosque	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
formulaic	JJ POS	eng	eng
supreme	JJ POS	eng	eng
misplaced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
berrisford	PM NOM	eng	eng
layout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dogboy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
charley	PM NOM	eng	eng
syrian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cameraman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mains	PM GEN	eng	eng
increasingly	AB	eng	eng
coldplay	PM NOM	eng	eng
detailing	VB ING	eng	eng
profiled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
complexity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
africans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
locksmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
sole	JJ POS	eng	eng
daffodil	PM NOM	eng	eng
deem	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jermaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
poolside	PM NOM	eng	eng
yearbook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whatley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bizbuz	PM NOM	eng	eng
bombs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pastry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
co-decision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appreciates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
observatories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
merryweather	PM NOM	eng	eng
grazing	VB ING	eng	eng
knowlton	PM NOM	eng	eng
highland	PM NOM	eng	eng
adjusting	VB ING	eng	eng
old-age	JJ POS	eng	eng
practioner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
democratically	AB	eng	eng
bartley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
twitty	PM NOM	eng	eng
herriman	PM NOM	eng	eng
andean	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
growths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
metallic	JJ POS	eng	eng
participatively	AB	eng	eng
algorithmics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgarretts	PM NOM	eng	eng
erotics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emptying	VB ING	eng	eng
did	VB PRT PRT	eng	eng
snowmaggedons	NN	eng	eng
fuelled	JJ POS	eng	eng
unfree	JJ POS	eng	eng
resolution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deceived	JJ POS	eng	eng
prestige	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lower	JJ KOM	eng	eng
cultivate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pathfinder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fallacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
everlasting	JJ POS	eng	eng
praise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ya	PN	eng	eng
providing	VB ING	eng	eng
discouragement	NN	eng	eng
arcane	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macy	PM NOM	eng	eng
ramsee	PM NOM	eng	eng
textbooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neatest	JJ	eng	eng
wallflower	NN	eng	eng
observationally	AB	eng	eng
pilots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kindly	AB	eng	eng
4sound	PM NOM	eng	eng
out-of-pocket	AB	eng	eng
dwights	PM GEN	eng	eng
wires	PM NOM	eng	eng
rankine	PM NOM	eng	eng
shit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hostilely	AB	eng	eng
marginalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
hazel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
roadster	PM NOM	eng	eng
presupposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
puce	NN	eng	eng
rusel	PM NOM	eng	eng
coe	PM NOM	eng	eng
calmly	AB	eng	eng
abiding	VB ING	eng	eng
gales	PM NOM	eng	eng
infarctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hoverboard	NN	eng	eng
methodological	JJ POS	eng	eng
ulcers	NN	eng	eng
barking	VB ING	eng	eng
wishful	JJ POS	eng	eng
stingy	PM NOM	eng	eng
publicized	JJ POS	eng	eng
disorganizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indirect	JJ POS	eng	eng
culturalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skinhead	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
groups	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
chatelane	PM NOM	eng	eng
rurally	AB	eng	eng
bicycling	VB	eng	eng
laies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
frazier	PM NOM	eng	eng
unstable	JJ POS	eng	eng
framed	JJ	eng	eng
landcruiser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wentworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
grievances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reinterpreting	VB ING	eng	eng
porches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pervaded	VB PAP	eng	eng
catfights	NN	eng	eng
ealy	PM NOM	eng	eng
infotainment	NN	eng	eng
chemistries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colorforms	PM NOM	eng	eng
polyproject	PM NOM	eng	eng
static	JJ POS	eng	eng
professors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neuropathic	JJ	eng	eng
fear-avoidance	NN	eng	eng
bases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
epicureans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tapestries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discounted	JJ POS	eng	eng
rationalises	VB	eng	eng
hums	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
legitimacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bother	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
coverstory	NN	eng	eng
racialised	VB PAP	eng	eng
slowness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
traditionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mother's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
network	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
girlnet	PM NOM	eng	eng
pelican	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mulcair	PM NOM	eng	eng
divorcee	NN	eng	eng
terrain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winnfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
myth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holden	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcwhinneys	PM NOM	eng	eng
insulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
strode	VB	eng	eng
boycotts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
well-developed	JJ POS	eng	eng
purer	JJ	eng	eng
psychically	AB	eng	eng
forgoes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wearables	NN	eng	eng
inculcating	VB ING	eng	eng
first-time	JJ POS	eng	eng
plunge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ain't	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
recreationally	AB	eng	eng
exquisite	JJ POS	eng	eng
furthermore	AB	eng	eng
refections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dehydroepiandrosterone	NN	eng	eng
cheyne-stokes	PM GEN	eng	eng
eastvale	PM NOM	eng	eng
exposure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wider	JJ KOM	eng	eng
using	VB ING	eng	eng
stakeholder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
proprioception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
producing	VB ING	eng	eng
incarnately	AB	eng	eng
immortal	JJ POS	eng	eng
deriving	VB ING	eng	eng
creamy	JJ POS	eng	eng
seminaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
darragh	PM NOM	eng	eng
sleepers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vicinities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
testable	JJ POS	eng	eng
accredited	JJ POS	eng	eng
fayes	PM GEN	eng	eng
church's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
respect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
woodworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
socialisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cush	PM NOM	eng	eng
huzzard	PM NOM	eng	eng
demographers	NN	eng	eng
utterly	AB	eng	eng
leads	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
liquidations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harassments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hysterically	AB	eng	eng
soul's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
olympic	JJ POS	eng	eng
shovel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chestnut	NN	eng	eng
flitwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
domestically	AB	eng	eng
candykings	PM GEN	eng	eng
psychoanalytics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sacket's	PM GEN	eng	eng
weasleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
metro	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abigail's	PM GEN	eng	eng
disks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tanqueray	PM NOM	eng	eng
edgeworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
roundedly	AB	eng	eng
liberatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
lawlor	PM NOM	eng	eng
lament	VB	eng	eng
merged	JJ POS	eng	eng
supersizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wildlife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redemption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spencer	PM NOM	eng	eng
infectiously	AB	eng	eng
a-base	PM NOM	eng	eng
promise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
preservation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mockeries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
delimitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gower's	PM GEN	eng	eng
frivolous	JJ POS	eng	eng
freedgood	PM NOM	eng	eng
fringes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
xceed	PM NOM	eng	eng
adage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refrigeration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vapour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
detergents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
justified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
garys	PM GEN	eng	eng
accentuate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
concur	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
affiliation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corridors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amelioration	NN	eng	eng
responsibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shawney	PM NOM	eng	eng
babynests	NN	eng	eng
anarchists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aspinwall	PM NOM	eng	eng
goose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resumption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcintyre	PM NOM	eng	eng
roamed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
plowright	PM NOM	eng	eng
orient	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
volatile	JJ POS	eng	eng
carrying	VB ING	eng	eng
subcategory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oversimplified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
infowars	PM NOM	eng	eng
talkative	JJ POS	eng	eng
party's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
socialization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
classic	JJ POS	eng	eng
remitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcdougalls	PM NOM	eng	eng
wordfinder	PM NOM	eng	eng
bluebird	NN	eng	eng
trailerpark	NN	eng	eng
reassessments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cagefighting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mincing	VB ING	eng	eng
chants	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hearsay	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ineffective	JJ POS	eng	eng
pupils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disconcerting	VB ING	eng	eng
overpowering	VB ING	eng	eng
cooperrider	PM NOM	eng	eng
swirling	VB	eng	eng
critique	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hughes	PM NOM	eng	eng
pain-related	JJ	eng	eng
jellicoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcdowell	PM NOM	eng	eng
prays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
christology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pont	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buscemi	PM NOM	eng	eng
single-members	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
asynchronously	AB	eng	eng
downy	PM NOM	eng	eng
girl's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
highfive	NN	eng	eng
endow	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
problemised	JJ POS	eng	eng
compels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
anima	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plummers	PM GEN	eng	eng
fawni	PM NOM	eng	eng
convictions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
repents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
graphic	JJ POS	eng	eng
sufficed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
doles	PM NOM	eng	eng
seems	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
miscarried	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
secularisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pleasantly	AB	eng	eng
echo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
what's	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
trained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
4matic	NN	eng	eng
retiring	VB ING	eng	eng
fertilize	VB	eng	eng
confirmability	NN	eng	eng
pardew	PM NOM	eng	eng
1930s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
separateness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wall's	PM GEN	eng	eng
consumers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paulist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cleavages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discomfort	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attlee	PM NOM	eng	eng
spinoffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
explorer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
morocco	PM NOM	eng	eng
muriel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
conceding	VB ING	eng	eng
tawnya	PM NOM	eng	eng
abstractly	AB	eng	eng
emic	JJ POS	eng	eng
paled	VB PRT	eng	eng
brennan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
constantly	AB	eng	eng
originators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
langdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
fatten	VB	eng	eng
foldvary's	PM GEN	eng	eng
interrater	NN	eng	eng
bloodhound	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
essay	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emeritus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-hypnosis	NN	eng	eng
theorists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
urological	JJ	eng	eng
eugenics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
storyline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
codifying	VB ING	eng	eng
fetherstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
asterisk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychopharmacology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tolerability	NN	eng	eng
self-defense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aye	IN	eng	eng
codebreaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
half-hour	NN	eng	eng
peaks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
magnetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
calendars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nontargets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conservative	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
locator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chronological	JJ POS	eng	eng
adducing	VB	eng	eng
artattack	PM NOM	eng	eng
offers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
toothpastes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
locates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
prerogatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
millinery	NN	eng	eng
commercial	JJ POS	eng	eng
shaving	VB ING	eng	eng
pool	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
restorative	JJ POS	eng	eng
multipolar	JJ POS	eng	eng
poolpartygirl	NN	eng	eng
field	PM NOM	eng	eng
polar	JJ POS	eng	eng
disciplinary	JJ POS	eng	eng
lashleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
paves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hunkydory	PM NOM	eng	eng
optimists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
computation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spacetime	NN	eng	eng
wish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
filename	NN	eng	eng
hypothalamics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disrupt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jesus	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcvey	PM NOM	eng	eng
tables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polytechnics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sleeve	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
angioplasty	NN	eng	eng
geopolitical	JJ POS	eng	eng
conformists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
malky	PM NOM	eng	eng
depths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
definable	JJ POS	eng	eng
mowry	PM NOM	eng	eng
elitists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
congressional	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pulley	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proximate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
congregates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
uppermost	JJ POS	eng	eng
profitability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ross	PM NOM	eng	eng
blue-ray	PM NOM	eng	eng
focal	JJ POS	eng	eng
courtroom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cheapening	VB ING	eng	eng
degale	PM NOM	eng	eng
horneck	PM NOM	eng	eng
pasture-forest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
objected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gowns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bowater	PM NOM	eng	eng
lashoff	PM NOM	eng	eng
manifestos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
centralised	JJ POS	eng	eng
engineering	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
norment	PM NOM	eng	eng
tigers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
browsing	VB	eng	eng
spacing	VB ING	eng	eng
cosmology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guideline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
processor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
benign	JJ POS	eng	eng
burnout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prenatally	AB	eng	eng
deepen	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
desired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
spellbound	JJ POS	eng	eng
inconsistencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wed	VB	eng	eng
primer	PM NOM	eng	eng
fact	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ridding	VB	eng	eng
petals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tag	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transitory	JJ POS	eng	eng
incubator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neurosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bolster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alludes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ceremonial	JJ POS	eng	eng
make-believes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
repentance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agapism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
superstructures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
in-between	PP	eng	eng
tsarists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
telegraphic	JJ POS	eng	eng
yearley	PM NOM	eng	eng
furious	JJ POS	eng	eng
attendants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prosecution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
day-lewis	PM NOM	eng	eng
1950s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
persevered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nurture	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
condition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
schematic	JJ POS	eng	eng
cures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
insurers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slippery	JJ POS	eng	eng
venues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
electronically	AB	eng	eng
captions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sheer	JJ POS	eng	eng
terminologically	AB	eng	eng
brinson	PM NOM	eng	eng
undemocratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
homogeneities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seivewright	PM NOM	eng	eng
savior	NN	eng	eng
remissions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reproached	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mask	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bare-breasted	JJ	eng	eng
ukips	PM GEN	eng	eng
leicester	PM NOM	eng	eng
reflect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
breeden's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unpredictability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
world-class	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coatsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
plethora	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scheanas	PM GEN	eng	eng
eligibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pedagogic	JJ POS	eng	eng
musicke	NN	eng	eng
purdey	PM NOM	eng	eng
publish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
postwar	JJ POS	eng	eng
plans	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
anything	PN	eng	eng
verified	JJ POS	eng	eng
measurable	JJ POS	eng	eng
humble	PM NOM	eng	eng
elasticity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
storybook	NN	eng	eng
brecon	PM NOM	eng	eng
stratigraphies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lexington's	PM GEN	eng	eng
proletariat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enshrined	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
youths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hitchhiker	NN	eng	eng
psychologist's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
goodwyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoag's	PM GEN	eng	eng
covens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
identify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
twomey	PM NOM	eng	eng
sudden	JJ POS	eng	eng
bondages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
archies	PM GEN	eng	eng
pharmacotherapy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aurally	AB	eng	eng
jackknife	PM NOM	eng	eng
erection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
present	JJ POS	eng	eng
watc	PM NOM	eng	eng
rapeley	PM NOM	eng	eng
doughs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
priests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
programme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
librarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sealed	JJ POS	eng	eng
futilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
invented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
layton	PM NOM	eng	eng
various	JJ POS	eng	eng
merit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parking	VB ING	eng	eng
pretend	VB	eng	eng
business's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
procedures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evohaler	PM NOM	eng	eng
transgress	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deconditioning	VB	eng	eng
examiners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perspectival	JJ POS	eng	eng
millennium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flory	PM NOM	eng	eng
halted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inspectorates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reinterpret	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
indutrades	PM GEN	eng	eng
conceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wee	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mentioned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reactionaries	NN PLU	eng	eng
thousands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lean	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
manageable	JJ POS	eng	eng
slump	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amongst	PP	eng	eng
paroles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
topiramate	NN	eng	eng
plebiscites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
aztec	PM NOM	eng	eng
aberrantly	AB	eng	eng
greenroom	NN	eng	eng
long-running	JJ POS	eng	eng
propitious	JJ POS	eng	eng
leases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
caramels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
augment	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
infinity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
frequency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
california	PM NOM	eng	eng
gove	PM NOM	eng	eng
labored	JJ POS	eng	eng
libidinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
sexed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
life-cycle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
else's	PN GEN	eng	eng
insures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
animated	JJ POS	eng	eng
midler	PM NOM	eng	eng
minimalizing	VB	eng	eng
complainant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sympathizing	VB ING	eng	eng
vote	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
consonant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mercenary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wanamaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
wormwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
anti-smoking	NN	eng	eng
logsdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
supportive	JJ POS	eng	eng
undeserved	JJ POS	eng	eng
snapped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hague	PM NOM	eng	eng
foci	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
constitutionally	AB	eng	eng
journalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
eutectic	JJ	eng	eng
colonizing	VB ING	eng	eng
supplier's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
yearbooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
third-person	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commanding	VB ING	eng	eng
lobe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-interests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reconsideration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coldplays	PM GEN	eng	eng
threaded	VB PRT	eng	eng
cleverness	NN	eng	eng
dont	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
monitoring	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perusal	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gushue	PM NOM	eng	eng
pawn	PM NOM	eng	eng
formalisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sweetness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worsened	JJ POS	eng	eng
salient	JJ POS	eng	eng
circumcision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orrin	PM NOM	eng	eng
affaires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
densely	AB	eng	eng
subordinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
splitting	VB ING	eng	eng
remit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
smelt	VB	eng	eng
unmet	JJ POS	eng	eng
stockholder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
furs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tapped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
southgate	PM NOM	eng	eng
screamed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
capitulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enchantment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
baytown	NN	eng	eng
remarks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
convened	JJ POS	eng	eng
cost-of-illness	NN	eng	eng
deckchair	NN	eng	eng
menial	JJ POS	eng	eng
reasonable	JJ POS	eng	eng
delicacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outweighed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
affiliates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
maybellene	PM NOM	eng	eng
cosmopolitanism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
avesbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
frictions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
petry	PM NOM	eng	eng
thicken	VB	eng	eng
diarmaid	PM NOM	eng	eng
apothecaries	NN PLU	eng	eng
blackstock	PM NOM	eng	eng
lucious	PM NOM	eng	eng
reelection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ashgate's	PM GEN	eng	eng
worms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spicer	PM NOM	eng	eng
performs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
permissible	JJ POS	eng	eng
regime's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
disavow	VB	eng	eng
providential	JJ POS	eng	eng
asset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fewsmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
gym	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attaching	VB ING	eng	eng
ownership	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amplitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
utilised	JJ POS	eng	eng
machardy	PM NOM	eng	eng
lobster	NN	eng	eng
hawthorne	PM NOM	eng	eng
fruitless	JJ POS	eng	eng
polynomial	JJ POS	eng	eng
tough	JJ POS	eng	eng
harsh	JJ POS	eng	eng
swettenham	PM NOM	eng	eng
o'carroll	PN NOM	eng	eng
frisky	JJ	eng	eng
actively	AB	eng	eng
fashions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nazi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hardee	PM NOM	eng	eng
pollutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
averts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
underprivileged	JJ POS	eng	eng
middle-income	JJ POS	eng	eng
desensitization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
identication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reproduced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
considered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
prosecutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cede	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ukraine	PM NOM	eng	eng
accents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lutterell	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissecting	VB	eng	eng
watchful	JJ POS	eng	eng
crushes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kirks	PM GEN	eng	eng
loneliness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infallible	JJ POS	eng	eng
organisers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subculture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
washes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
staw	PM NOM	eng	eng
alphaworks	NN	eng	eng
slovak	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
variabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
semantically	AB	eng	eng
collier	PM NOM	eng	eng
archaeology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
posted	JJ POS	eng	eng
emotionally	AB	eng	eng
possession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transport	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cracked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
kemwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
ravenhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
combines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
real-world	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warden's	PM GEN	eng	eng
workness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
truely	AB	eng	eng
boast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exposures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
luminous	JJ POS	eng	eng
finley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
coarseness	NN	eng	eng
propels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ecologism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ratchford	PM NOM	eng	eng
anchorages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hollingshead	PM NOM	eng	eng
records	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
selfcontained	NN	eng	eng
ashes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wetmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
harlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
terminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
realignment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lampton	PM NOM	eng	eng
logics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parsimonious	JJ POS	eng	eng
editing	VB ING	eng	eng
all-or-nothing	AB	eng	eng
gratification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pundits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boarding	VB ING	eng	eng
roosevelt	PM NOM	eng	eng
somehow	AB	eng	eng
chained	VB	eng	eng
familiarizing	VB ING	eng	eng
in-kind	JJ POS	eng	eng
prefrontally	AB	eng	eng
sequel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immortals	NN PLU	eng	eng
salutary	JJ POS	eng	eng
grotesque	JJ POS	eng	eng
incongruity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pair	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fortunes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
connectivity	NN	eng	eng
coital	JJ	eng	eng
commodity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
header	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitmire	PM NOM	eng	eng
kirkwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
illustrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dude	NN	eng	eng
untold	JJ POS	eng	eng
giver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hufflepuff	PM NOM	eng	eng
secular	JJ POS	eng	eng
lenient	JJ POS	eng	eng
highlands	PM GEN	eng	eng
few	JJ POS	eng	eng
wounded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcrae	PM NOM	eng	eng
indemnity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
royalty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anaesthesiologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waiters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sings	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
warmly	AB	eng	eng
chord	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carradine	PM NOM	eng	eng
runciman	PM NOM	eng	eng
saves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
franca	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sourcing	VB ING	eng	eng
posturing	NN	eng	eng
solar	JJ POS	eng	eng
fertilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prestiges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
advancement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adwise	PM NOM	eng	eng
webster-stratton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cohering	VB ING	eng	eng
dishe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unorthodox	JJ POS	eng	eng
holes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
challenge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bodygendersexuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
silence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
middleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
averaging	VB ING	eng	eng
capsized	VB	eng	eng
regularly	AB	eng	eng
imbalances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
microcultures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neuro-linguistic	JJ	eng	eng
milward	PM NOM	eng	eng
stomaches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gardener	PM NOM	eng	eng
scientistic	JJ	eng	eng
panoramic	JJ POS	eng	eng
textbook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
relic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bitcoins	NN	eng	eng
several	JJ POS	eng	eng
harrigan	PM NOM	eng	eng
reeds	PM NOM	eng	eng
sulphur	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hewett	PM NOM	eng	eng
circus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goodall	PM NOM	eng	eng
pacers	NN	eng	eng
routes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bundling	VB ING	eng	eng
skinheads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allardyces	PM GEN	eng	eng
burbidge	PM NOM	eng	eng
d'capital	PM NOM	eng	eng
transfered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
o'meara	PM NOM	eng	eng
bronte	PM NOM	eng	eng
realities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brigade	NN	eng	eng
underpinned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
precedent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highgate	PM NOM	eng	eng
owned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
compares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
detecting	VB ING	eng	eng
alisons	PM GEN	eng	eng
aspirations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resourcing	VB ING	eng	eng
chvrches	PM NOM	eng	eng
slackline	PM NOM	eng	eng
latest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
mcbrides	PM NOM	eng	eng
initiating	VB ING	eng	eng
whishaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
franchisors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
affair	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indians	PM NOM	eng	eng
chilled	JJ POS	eng	eng
reframed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
arab-american	PM NOM	eng	eng
displeasure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
looms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
under	PP	eng	eng
predominating	VB	eng	eng
elmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
minorities	NN	eng	eng
reproduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entwistle	VB	eng	eng
sackney	PM NOM	eng	eng
pulseless	JJ	eng	eng
bulks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harry's	PM GEN	eng	eng
merits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sculpturally	AB	eng	eng
such	AB	eng	eng
african-americans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lease	NN	eng	eng
naughton	PM NOM	eng	eng
countenance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coonan	PM NOM	eng	eng
gross	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcrobbie	PM NOM	eng	eng
taylorism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
even	JJ POS	eng	eng
emmerdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
intolerances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sexualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transitionally	AB	eng	eng
rum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slumps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
roney	PM NOM	eng	eng
explicitly	AB	eng	eng
variants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
utilitarianisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nostalgic	JJ POS	eng	eng
mediums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
patrols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macalpine	PM NOM	eng	eng
trendy	JJ POS	eng	eng
demonstrable	JJ POS	eng	eng
rotted	VB PRT	eng	eng
precedents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keyland	PM NOM	eng	eng
amateurs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seasoned	JJ POS	eng	eng
surpassing	VB ING	eng	eng
gangland	NN	eng	eng
nationally	AB	eng	eng
subvert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sharkzilla	PM NOM	eng	eng
northumbria	PM NOM	eng	eng
speith	PM NOM	eng	eng
feminism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allardyce	PM NOM	eng	eng
loosened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
delightful	JJ POS	eng	eng
hindu-muslim	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
during	PP	eng	eng
detaining	VB ING	eng	eng
stillaguamish	PM NOM	eng	eng
velma	PM NOM	eng	eng
congress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entrenched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
imbalance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sacrificial	JJ POS	eng	eng
middletons	PM GEN	eng	eng
plasticity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
challenges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
churchnxt	PM NOM	eng	eng
digigirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
proclaims	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hensons	PM GEN	eng	eng
zest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manifested	JJ POS	eng	eng
magnets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dentistry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aftershock	PM NOM	eng	eng
unstructured	JJ POS	eng	eng
remits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
exporting	VB ING	eng	eng
uplift	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maxence	PM NOM	eng	eng
cytokines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bored	JJ POS	eng	eng
hysteria	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
constructive	JJ POS	eng	eng
reductionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unambiguously	AB	eng	eng
underdeveloped	JJ POS	eng	eng
berwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
narrowing	VB ING	eng	eng
helton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
finance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adulteries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
arrears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tradeoffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rubbed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
summerbursts	PM NOM	eng	eng
eaves	PM NOM	eng	eng
pre-emptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
persists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
organiser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hampers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
whilst	KN	eng	eng
false	JJ POS	eng	eng
assorted	JJ POS	eng	eng
antecedent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cork	PM NOM	eng	eng
multiculturalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modestly	AB	eng	eng
heirs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multiplicities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cosgrove	PM NOM	eng	eng
nationality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
belforts	PM GEN	eng	eng
lesions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prosecute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dyers	PM NOM	eng	eng
flux	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
linguistics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unappreciated	JJ	eng	eng
assets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
announced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
roosevelts	PM GEN	eng	eng
remembrances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
favorite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sufficiency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thence	AB	eng	eng
unyielding	JJ	eng	eng
tiresome	JJ POS	eng	eng
westminster	PM NOM	eng	eng
cering	VB	eng	eng
shallows	NN	eng	eng
shrapnel	NN	eng	eng
balances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
redescriptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laundry	NN	eng	eng
gravities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unaffectedly	AB	eng	eng
brunswick	PM NOM	eng	eng
anchorage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ones	PN	eng	eng
speculated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subsistences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vegetation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disenchantment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conditioned	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
avert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
asserting	VB ING	eng	eng
lovemaking	NN	eng	eng
resign	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
managerially	AB	eng	eng
aforementioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
jumping	VB ING	eng	eng
embryos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
current	JJ POS	eng	eng
creeks	NN PLU	eng	eng
clarkin	PM NOM	eng	eng
fusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcguinness	PM NOM	eng	eng
sacrificed	VB PAP	eng	eng
ultimate	JJ POS	eng	eng
attenborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
whistled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
affiliate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
horton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
asia	PM NOM	eng	eng
amplifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
universalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
definitely	AB	eng	eng
imprint	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
optimally	AB	eng	eng
unconsciously	AB	eng	eng
fredly	PM NOM	eng	eng
reigate	PM NOM	eng	eng
variances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pat's	PM GEN	eng	eng
illusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
banging	VB	eng	eng
verbal	JJ POS	eng	eng
closed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
anglo-saxon	JJ POS	eng	eng
bardsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
journalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-confidence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
benched	PM NOM	eng	eng
mixed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
greely	PM NOM	eng	eng
juxtaposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
comrades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apparatuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
artwork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obesity-related	JJ	eng	eng
distortion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
streamline	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
travelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
figurational	JJ POS	eng	eng
tormentors	NN	eng	eng
life's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
butternut	NN	eng	eng
namely	AB	eng	eng
sofa	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
one-quarter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arable	JJ POS	eng	eng
comparison	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carcinogenic	NN	eng	eng
activator	NN	eng	eng
mccreesh	PM NOM	eng	eng
rabbit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undoubtedly	AB	eng	eng
sexism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diffuse	JJ POS	eng	eng
fine	JJ POS	eng	eng
boasts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
courteous	JJ POS	eng	eng
shouldn	VB	eng	eng
reputations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
logic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preemptively	AB	eng	eng
circuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amplitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
four	RG NOM	eng	eng
ownerships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
convenient	JJ POS	eng	eng
microworld	NN	eng	eng
slapping	VB	eng	eng
immaculates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shaftesbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
crews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flu	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blocked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
courtly	AB	eng	eng
reexamining	VB ING	eng	eng
solicit	JJ POS	eng	eng
adverting	VB ING	eng	eng
worrying	VB ING	eng	eng
givers	NN	eng	eng
lieback	PM NOM	eng	eng
afore	AB	eng	eng
precipitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chuggers	NN	eng	eng
impressionistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
creatures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fucked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
whats	PN	eng	eng
drained	JJ POS	eng	eng
developing	VB ING	eng	eng
credible	JJ POS	eng	eng
rates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
object-oriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
thermofisher	PM NOM	eng	eng
prairie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freedom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indutrade	PM NOM	eng	eng
nannies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
embarrassing	JJ POS	eng	eng
promulgate	VB	eng	eng
examine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
filmic	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcnab	PM NOM	eng	eng
course	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
change-up	NN	eng	eng
mews	PM NOM	eng	eng
secretary-generals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chemical	JJ POS	eng	eng
shearer	PM NOM	eng	eng
calculators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dissertations	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
procedure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
means-tested	JJ	eng	eng
langham	PM NOM	eng	eng
chords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colorful	JJ POS	eng	eng
peoples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
divisional	JJ POS	eng	eng
correcting	VB ING	eng	eng
librarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
underlay	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chesnut	PM NOM	eng	eng
glomerular	JJ	eng	eng
referent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crowley	PM NOM	eng	eng
slashed	JJ POS	eng	eng
relics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compendium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
motivationally	AB	eng	eng
lovings	NN PLU	eng	eng
lasts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
obligations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vulnerable	JJ POS	eng	eng
renegotiation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
condoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
materializations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dishes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
joyful	JJ POS	eng	eng
child-directed	JJ	eng	eng
nesting	VB	eng	eng
restrictive	JJ POS	eng	eng
lab	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caregiver's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
quickest	JJ KOM	eng	eng
roadside	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shakespeare	PM NOM	eng	eng
soreness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consonants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nordicphotos	PM NOM	eng	eng
sidelined	jj	eng	eng
rawson	PM NOM	eng	eng
factorially	AB	eng	eng
learning-based	JJ	eng	eng
route	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disposal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
traffics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
salespeople	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decent	JJ POS	eng	eng
greenly	AB	eng	eng
leith	PM NOM	eng	eng
redgrave	PM NOM	eng	eng
canyon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leicesters	PM GEN	eng	eng
nightclub	NN	eng	eng
dissimilar	JJ POS	eng	eng
library	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waterstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
snohomish	PM NOM	eng	eng
superegos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remission	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fractured	JJ POS	eng	eng
visibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fatness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wareing	PM NOM	eng	eng
metros	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elucidated	JJ POS	eng	eng
pots	NN	eng	eng
occupationaltherapy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crosscutting	VB ING	eng	eng
overdoses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conditions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fragility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chic	JJ POS	eng	eng
wrapper	NN	eng	eng
criterion-referenced	JJ	eng	eng
attendant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
organism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alltrack	PM NOM	eng	eng
earthquake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bisexuals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
admired	VB	eng	eng
misguided	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
patrolman	PM NOM	eng	eng
megas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pinebrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
sometime	AB	eng	eng
constructing	VB ING	eng	eng
patient-therapist	NN	eng	eng
incubators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rejecting	VB ING	eng	eng
programmes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transported	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
expository	JJ POS	eng	eng
lookner	PM NOM	eng	eng
reassess	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cobbett	PM NOM	eng	eng
goon	NN	eng	eng
unrested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
resembles	VB lang:fre	eng	eng
gores	PM GEN	eng	eng
breadcrumb	NN	eng	eng
america's	PM GEN	eng	eng
gordonston	PM NOM	eng	eng
devalued	JJ POS	eng	eng
treatise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pretreatments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sono	JJ POS	eng	eng
survive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hillcrest	PM NOM	eng	eng
pupil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scripturally	AB	eng	eng
raindrops	NN PLU	eng	eng
islamic	JJ POS	eng	eng
chinadaily	PM NOM	eng	eng
allergy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcteigue	PM NOM	eng	eng
revision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greetings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crüe	PM NOM	eng	eng
artistically	AB	eng	eng
rebalance	VB	eng	eng
multiply	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
aggregations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unsystematic	JJ POS	eng	eng
chant	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
million	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
illegitimacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gas	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
periodical	JJ POS	eng	eng
leemore	PM NOM	eng	eng
shines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
verbatim	AB	eng	eng
optimises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
powerless	JJ POS	eng	eng
disarray	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stiffness	NN	eng	eng
goodwille	PM NOM	eng	eng
lovesong	PM NOM	eng	eng
embarassments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cohle	PM NOM	eng	eng
fuel	NN	eng	eng
aviations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
connective	JJ POS	eng	eng
endows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
woodmans	PM GEN	eng	eng
deleting	VB ING	eng	eng
commorbidity	NN	eng	eng
sterilization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
figuratively	AB	eng	eng
snuggle	VB	eng	eng
stratified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
we'll	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
broadway's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pinchbeck	PM NOM	eng	eng
ellis	PM NOM	eng	eng
discriminates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gangrape	NN	eng	eng
dyes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wretched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hersleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
demoralizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-contained	JJ POS	eng	eng
zealous	JJ POS	eng	eng
compass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
output	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oswick	PM NOM	eng	eng
equates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hazlewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
essays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brokenly	AB	eng	eng
dwellers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weirdly	AB	eng	eng
prop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neo-realist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ravenclaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
guidelines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
processors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eleanore	PM NOM	eng	eng
oxberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
skepticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manifesto	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feasted	VB	eng	eng
austrian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liberalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dalys	PM NOM	eng	eng
representations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drawers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heyday	IN	eng	eng
changer	NN	eng	eng
affirmations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outgoing	JJ POS	eng	eng
decentralization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clash's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
recursively	AB	eng	eng
liner	PM NOM	eng	eng
superior	JJ POS	eng	eng
withered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sproule	PM NOM	eng	eng
courtrooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liable	JJ POS	eng	eng
whitlock's	PM GEN	eng	eng
reinvested	JJ POS	eng	eng
rigidities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bazaar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interferences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burch	PM NOM	eng	eng
disrespect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
redly	AB	eng	eng
gladys	PM NOM	eng	eng
ecconomics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
verbalizations	NN PLU	eng	eng
demolition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fields	PM GEN	eng	eng
south-easts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
printed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
prohibits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fastening	VB	eng	eng
malcolm	PM NOM	eng	eng
pikes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
divided	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
exhibitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
offer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
balinese	JJ POS	eng	eng
consume	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cheltenham	PM NOM	eng	eng
pharmacological	JJ POS	eng	eng
transmitting	VB ING	eng	eng
erwitts	PM GEN	eng	eng
reprint	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
decoding	VB ING	eng	eng
corporatio	NN	eng	eng
yelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
vaguenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
coded	JJ POS	eng	eng
dissociations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sweetnam	PM NOM	eng	eng
allege	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
depth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
baby's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
overleaf	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
injunction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ironbutt	PM NOM	eng	eng
unequally	AB	eng	eng
subcontinents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
immerse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
elitism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
table	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
donation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lone	JJ POS	eng	eng
patient-reported	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
eases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
duncanson	PM NOM	eng	eng
unrelated	JJ POS	eng	eng
joyce	PM NOM	eng	eng
duluth	PM NOM	eng	eng
constitutively	AB	eng	eng
first-hand	JJ POS	eng	eng
theorises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hided	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sufficient	JJ POS	eng	eng
nontarget	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breakups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reunifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coerce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stooping	VB ING	eng	eng
utilizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
organisational	JJ POS	eng	eng
donohoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-determinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
antic	PM NOM	eng	eng
storylines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
zero-sum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acquired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
knocking	VB ING	eng	eng
dismiss	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
muskie	PM NOM	eng	eng
paternity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enlarged	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
insignia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
haweswater	PM NOM	eng	eng
escapades	NN	eng	eng
quilley	PM NOM	eng	eng
unavoidable	JJ POS	eng	eng
drowsiness	NN	eng	eng
petal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hutchison	PM NOM	eng	eng
hence	KN	eng	eng
toiling	VB ING	eng	eng
dynamically	AB	eng	eng
corporatism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hassles	VB HSI	eng	eng
zeros	PM GEN	eng	eng
risked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mediterranean	JJ POS	eng	eng
citations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tiger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unfocused	JJ	eng	eng
whereas	AB	eng	eng
contextualize	VB	eng	eng
swine	NN	eng	eng
2nd	RG	eng	eng
short-run	JJ POS	eng	eng
heartbreak	NN	eng	eng
nonsociological	JJ	eng	eng
mchoul	PM NOM	eng	eng
gipson	PM NOM	eng	eng
chemotherapies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adored	JJ	eng	eng
detergent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
welshman	PM NOM	eng	eng
tensely	AB	eng	eng
stillness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consortium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ex	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
textual	JJ POS	eng	eng
tumble	VB	eng	eng
ye	PN	eng	eng
lehanes	PM GEN	eng	eng
supersize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
capitalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
depressingly	AB	eng	eng
podcasts	VB	eng	eng
circadian	JJ POS	eng	eng
touch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
signed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
traitors	PM GEN	eng	eng
parchment-lined	JJ POS	eng	eng
seafoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hartford	PM NOM	eng	eng
venue	NN	eng	eng
colemans	PM GEN	eng	eng
scrappy	JJ	eng	eng
lorry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
criminal	JJ POS	eng	eng
greases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
responsive	JJ POS	eng	eng
frawley	PM NOM	eng	eng
aition	NN	eng	eng
responded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
organizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
congratulates	VB HSI	eng	eng
lucid	JJ	eng	eng
fiscal	JJ POS	eng	eng
vinegars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bigger	JJ KOM	eng	eng
youth	PM NOM	eng	eng
let	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
taken	VB PAP	eng	eng
legitimizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dissolving	VB ING	eng	eng
informational	JJ POS	eng	eng
clustered	JJ POS	eng	eng
dash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fames	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
augie	PM NOM	eng	eng
circuitry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
serotonin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcdougall	PM NOM	eng	eng
wobblies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stopwatches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unconventionally	AB	eng	eng
whitman	PM NOM	eng	eng
movement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
approximation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fatboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
dough	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crosses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pretenses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paddington	PM NOM	eng	eng
deconstruct	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
overuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
its	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
redwood's	PM GEN	eng	eng
keysonline's	PM GEN	eng	eng
legislator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sprinted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
communicated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
yardley	PM NOM	eng	eng
anarchist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deepbreathing	NN	eng	eng
coven	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
encodes	VB HSI	eng	eng
granddaughter	NN	eng	eng
ministers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
behemoth	PM NOM	eng	eng
mckean	PM NOM	eng	eng
aibohphobia	PM NOM	eng	eng
agitating	VB ING	eng	eng
aughton	PM NOM	eng	eng
looks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gameday	NN	eng	eng
rothrock	PM NOM	eng	eng
patchy	JJ POS	eng	eng
conferencing	JJ POS	eng	eng
melodramas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
satisfier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pietists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clementines	PM GEN	eng	eng
carve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
theorised	VB PAP	eng	eng
pickleball	PM NOM	eng	eng
goal-setting	VB ING	eng	eng
gayland	PM NOM	eng	eng
wisdom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
irregular	JJ POS	eng	eng
equitably	AB	eng	eng
reluctantly	AB	eng	eng
latitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
composites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fruityloops	PM NOM	eng	eng
members	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retailers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
untenured	JJ	eng	eng
separations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
small-scale	JJ POS	eng	eng
exponent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unworkable	JJ POS	eng	eng
recognizing	VB ING	eng	eng
lexington	PM NOM	eng	eng
broken	JJ POS	eng	eng
skyscraper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arrows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crawling	VB ING	eng	eng
whomever	PN	eng	eng
roxanne	PM NOM	eng	eng
hadiths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
banker's	PM NOM	eng	eng
fowler's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bryce	PM NOM	eng	eng
hurley	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
hazardously	AB	eng	eng
schools	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
immigrating	VB	eng	eng
orpik	PM NOM	eng	eng
particularly	AB	eng	eng
wadlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
marton	PM NOM	eng	eng
saferide	PM NOM	eng	eng
disincentives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shuler	PM NOM	eng	eng
fundraising	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
materialistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
unanticipated	JJ POS	eng	eng
shortness	NN	eng	eng
relatedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
barton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
lync	PM NOM	eng	eng
satedan	PM NOM	eng	eng
clearinghouse's	PM GEN	eng	eng
foolishly	AB	eng	eng
driven	VB PAP	eng	eng
hardwicke	PM NOM	eng	eng
distressing	VB ING	eng	eng
congenial	JJ POS	eng	eng
fist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unipolar	JJ POS	eng	eng
nomenclatures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spiced	JJ	eng	eng
soon	AB	eng	eng
daylight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prawdin	PM NOM	eng	eng
discouraging	VB ING	eng	eng
onto	PP	eng	eng
low-glycaemic	JJ	eng	eng
taped	JJ POS	eng	eng
expositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hidden	VB PAP	eng	eng
misrepresent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
trash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
complicated	JJ POS	eng	eng
recalls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
smithies	PM NOM	eng	eng
large	JJ POS	eng	eng
mosaics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ozolins	PM NOM	eng	eng
clercs	PM NOM	eng	eng
aspirationally	AB	eng	eng
storages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drifting	VB ING	eng	eng
shamrock	PM NOM	eng	eng
creamed	VB	eng	eng
buildups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hawkeyes	PM NOM	eng	eng
aggregated	JJ POS	eng	eng
summoned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
organized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hood	NN	eng	eng
convert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sniper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deceptively	AB	eng	eng
lutheran	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sourcebook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
priesthood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
back	PP	eng	eng
cassidy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pervades	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rapist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mulford's	PM GEN	eng	eng
spy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trot	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
legacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mid-morning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
simplification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attending	VB ING	eng	eng
harnow	PM NOM	eng	eng
socioanalytical	JJ POS	eng	eng
scenarios	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
excitability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exogenously	AB	eng	eng
inquisition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
microwave	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leaflet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dewdney	PM NOM	eng	eng
ican	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-responsibility	NN	eng	eng
multidimensional	JJ POS	eng	eng
intn'l	AB	eng	eng
stannard	PM NOM	eng	eng
whereof	AB	eng	eng
android	PM NOM	eng	eng
individualization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mindhunters	PM NOM	eng	eng
unmanageable	JJ POS	eng	eng
filtering	VB ING	eng	eng
ninth	RO -	eng	eng
selfdisclosure	NN	eng	eng
reversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
powerstation	NN	eng	eng
neo	JJ POS	eng	eng
disestablish	VB	eng	eng
clerys	PM NOM	eng	eng
granite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chicly	AB	eng	eng
technology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rapid	JJ POS	eng	eng
unfinished	JJ POS	eng	eng
support	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lanes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pedigree	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
womanizer	NN	eng	eng
christine	PM NOM	eng	eng
signals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
skywalker	PM NOM	eng	eng
load	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
imbue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sutton-smith	PM NOM	eng	eng
fish's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scilly	PM NOM	eng	eng
predictability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ships	NN	eng	eng
disgust	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
account	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scavengers	NN GEN	eng	eng
nines	NN	eng	eng
section	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
congestion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
demand	NN	eng	eng
onslaughts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shook	VB PST	eng	eng
webb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roadshow	NN	eng	eng
ofbusiness	AB	eng	eng
books-on-demand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dispositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
far-flung	JJ POS	eng	eng
breakfasted	VB	eng	eng
yawning	VB	eng	eng
resembled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
whigs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shaded	JJ POS	eng	eng
rooney	PM NOM	eng	eng
lanham's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nuffield	PM NOM	eng	eng
itemised	VB PRT	eng	eng
funeral	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eurobowl	PM NOM	eng	eng
federalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mccrudden	PM NOM	eng	eng
unloading	VB ING	eng	eng
risk-taking	JJ POS	eng	eng
leawood	PM NOM	eng	eng
warrantedly	AB	eng	eng
rylee	PM NOM	eng	eng
inspiration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mucosas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deajah	PM NOM	eng	eng
orgasm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
headed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
severities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fulhams	PM GEN	eng	eng
plug	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
witherspoon	PM NOM	eng	eng
nebulous	JJ POS	eng	eng
fiscally	AB	eng	eng
anatomical	JJ POS	eng	eng
cabins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unsurprising	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-fulfilling	JJ POS	eng	eng
enemies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cross-cultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
navies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cataloguing	JJ	eng	eng
femme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corresponds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
five-year	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reifying	VB ING	eng	eng
probing	VB ING	eng	eng
maked	VB	eng	eng
exact	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-destructively	AB	eng	eng
fractures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drakes	PM GEN	eng	eng
side	NN	eng	eng
quoted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
attired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hudson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
result	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
martyr	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feminine	JJ POS	eng	eng
glare	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
attainment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
utilize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
predisposes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
clarities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dungs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gestural	JJ POS	eng	eng
conceal	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
exemplifying	VB ING	eng	eng
acceptations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pentecostalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
definining	VB ING	eng	eng
spotlight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toorak	PM NOM	eng	eng
birdcage	NN	eng	eng
fall	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dilworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
cokey	PM NOM	eng	eng
residences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dearths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
endorsers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fictional	JJ POS	eng	eng
plains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
notte's	PM GEN	eng	eng
rearing	JJ POS	eng	eng
lonely	JJ POS	eng	eng
envisionments	NN PLU	eng	eng
behaving	VB ING	eng	eng
intrusive	JJ POS	eng	eng
discarding	VB ING	eng	eng
contiguously	AB	eng	eng
metropolis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brochures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cooneys	PM GEN	eng	eng
oprah's	PM GEN	eng	eng
formalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
predominated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
industrialized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
treader	PM NOM	eng	eng
ingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
joked	VB	eng	eng
pettigrew	PM NOM	eng	eng
brooklyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
sociologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lawless	JJ POS	eng	eng
dogfather	NN	eng	eng
transformative	JJ POS	eng	eng
poster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tailtwister	NN	eng	eng
station	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
draft	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
needing	VB ING	eng	eng
watermill	NN	eng	eng
cereal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surfcamp	NN	eng	eng
trenches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
instilling	VB ING	eng	eng
glymour	PM NOM	eng	eng
role-taking	VB	eng	eng
settling	VB ING	eng	eng
concealments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soccer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perniciously	AB	eng	eng
caging	VB	eng	eng
total	JJ POS	eng	eng
knowledge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flav	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcclinton	PM NOM	eng	eng
memoire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
labour-markets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neckpain	NN	eng	eng
up-to-date	AB	eng	eng
tripped	VB PRT	eng	eng
stern's	PM GEN	eng	eng
chaltenham	PM NOM	eng	eng
spooky	JJ	eng	eng
goddess	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ferociously	AB	eng	eng
profiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
festivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abducted	JJ POS	eng	eng
medically	AB	eng	eng
optimised	JJ POS	eng	eng
spaceboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
beardsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
herron's	PM GEN	eng	eng
summa	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
debut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impartially	AB	eng	eng
barwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
artillery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ravenham	PM NOM	eng	eng
european	PM NOM	eng	eng
minimums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
invasively	AB	eng	eng
decorating	VB ING	eng	eng
comics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attenborough's	PM GEN	eng	eng
poetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
babyborn	JJ	eng	eng
exposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
antimicrobial	JJ	eng	eng
dragonslayer	NN	eng	eng
frayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
head-on	JJ POS	eng	eng
athletics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amygdala	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
donohue	PM NOM	eng	eng
anathemas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
howland's	PM GEN	eng	eng
flatter	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rescheduled	VB PRT	eng	eng
swafford	PM NOM	eng	eng
reliant	JJ POS	eng	eng
luing	PM NOM	eng	eng
marvelously	AB	eng	eng
meticulous	JJ POS	eng	eng
speculations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woah	IN	eng	eng
slapsticks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
imminent	JJ POS	eng	eng
hurlbutt	PM NOM	eng	eng
crow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
parsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcpartland	PM NOM	eng	eng
westbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
fluctuating	VB ING	eng	eng
holy	JJ POS	eng	eng
woodthorpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
baseline-only	AB	eng	eng
sizes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goal-directed	JJ POS	eng	eng
espoused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
annal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
curtains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
middleton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ventilation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smoothed	VB PRT	eng	eng
winningham	PM NOM	eng	eng
investitures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
empowering	VB ING	eng	eng
hearths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
portraits	NN	eng	eng
courtships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colvard	PM NOM	eng	eng
here-and-now-themes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appointing	VB ING	eng	eng
tyron	PM NOM	eng	eng
exaggerating	VB ING	eng	eng
psychotherapies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcnealy	PM NOM	eng	eng
tale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conditioner	NN	eng	eng
interlocking	VB ING	eng	eng
carens	PM NOM	eng	eng
burnford	PM NOM	eng	eng
fieldmaple's	PM GEN	eng	eng
israel	PM NOM	eng	eng
rote	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
follows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
conjoint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
open-air	JJ POS	eng	eng
metre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burnleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
suite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manktelow	PM NOM	eng	eng
horner's	PM GEN	eng	eng
theodicies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maintenances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ivey	PM NOM	eng	eng
overtakes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
her	PN	eng	eng
swirbul	PM NOM	eng	eng
adjustable	JJ POS	eng	eng
daveys	PM GEN	eng	eng
exclaimed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
osullivan	PM NOM	eng	eng
kilham	PM NOM	eng	eng
badness	NN	eng	eng
nation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modest	JJ POS	eng	eng
marrow	NN	eng	eng
lawler	PM NOM	eng	eng
kinetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
datums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
immunoassay	JJ	eng	eng
lost	JJ POS	eng	eng
world-systems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ageism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
communicating	VB ING	eng	eng
ethnologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stalking	VB ING	eng	eng
investigations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recordation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rupauls	PM NOM	eng	eng
enright	PM NOM	eng	eng
crueller	JJ	eng	eng
re-establishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
consummately	AB	eng	eng
synchronously	AB	eng	eng
preventable	JJ POS	eng	eng
splinters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
straw	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
densities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
founders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kellow	PM NOM	eng	eng
scanergy	PM NOM	eng	eng
highlander	PM NOM	eng	eng
thunderman	PM NOM	eng	eng
theology's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
cougartown	PM NOM	eng	eng
bentwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
correspondence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dinosaurs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
combing	VB	eng	eng
planted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
roosevelt's	PM GEN	eng	eng
westerners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dared	JJ POS	eng	eng
reshapes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
depression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
declaring	VB ING	eng	eng
passway	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychopathy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
synonyms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
verge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
frontlines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
temporalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sidelines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
merger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unidentifiable	JJ	eng	eng
megalithic	JJ POS	eng	eng
resurgence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hayfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
disembodied	JJ POS	eng	eng
anxiety	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
packline	PM NOM	eng	eng
gossip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chromatography	NN	eng	eng
camps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rummery	PM NOM	eng	eng
recovery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orville	PM NOM	eng	eng
pharmacologic	JJ	eng	eng
theistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
composition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tween	NN	eng	eng
reductive	JJ POS	eng	eng
mongolian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cairn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
klezmatics	PM NOM	eng	eng
nocturnal	JJ POS	eng	eng
barbarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pickard	PM NOM	eng	eng
wingfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
cowardice	VB	eng	eng
inch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cleanness	NN	eng	eng
foolishness	NN	eng	eng
suicide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emily	PM NOM	eng	eng
mottos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insularities	NN PLU	eng	eng
threatening	VB ING	eng	eng
electronics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glazier	NN	eng	eng
covenant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gorman	PM NOM	eng	eng
forty-second	RO	eng	eng
literatures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sweating	VB ING	eng	eng
feminized	JJ POS	eng	eng
sharon	PM NOM	eng	eng
wilford	PM NOM	eng	eng
motorway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tabs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dislocation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subsidizing	VB ING	eng	eng
rollercoaster	NN	eng	eng
silverbirchs	PM GEN	eng	eng
water-based	JJ	eng	eng
manuring	VB ING	eng	eng
vacancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
female	JJ POS	eng	eng
blackspot	PM NOM	eng	eng
almanac	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macinnis	PM NOM	eng	eng
evenly	AB	eng	eng
pas	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
horrified	JJ POS	eng	eng
bowmoore	PM NOM	eng	eng
binaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ache	VB	eng	eng
preaching	VB ING	eng	eng
promoting	VB ING	eng	eng
terrorist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lordships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dunsford's	PM GEN	eng	eng
phagocyte	NN	eng	eng
goodson	PM NOM	eng	eng
decently	AB	eng	eng
reflective	JJ POS	eng	eng
countrysides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cherri	PM NOM	eng	eng
tabletop	NN	eng	eng
unplugged	JJ	eng	eng
lunchtime	NN	eng	eng
fetus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rebuttals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
prophylactic	JJ POS	eng	eng
porth	PM NOM	eng	eng
negligent	JJ POS	eng	eng
unobtrusively	AB	eng	eng
emsworths	PM GEN	eng	eng
lounge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
joyfully	AB	eng	eng
kneels	VB	eng	eng
leaf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grooves	NN	eng	eng
synthesize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stunned	JJ POS	eng	eng
blaketon	PM NOM	eng	eng
ivy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
outlaws	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
synergistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
residency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
portland's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bulimia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ludicrous	JJ POS	eng	eng
destabilizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
energies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stansfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
aspects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stainthorp	PM NOM	eng	eng
muse	PM NOM	eng	eng
storing	VB ING	eng	eng
helpless	JJ POS	eng	eng
huws	PM GEN	eng	eng
confucians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nickname	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outpatient	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sex-roles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
albrights	PM GEN	eng	eng
ceaselessly	AB	eng	eng
enjoys	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
recruits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cafe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subconsciously	AB	eng	eng
pageant	NN	eng	eng
unbearable	JJ POS	eng	eng
searches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
passionately	AB	eng	eng
cashman	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-paced	JJ	eng	eng
oakland	PM NOM	eng	eng
indoctrinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neurons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mozzie	PM NOM	eng	eng
other	JJ POS	eng	eng
determinate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stanfords	PM GEN	eng	eng
recessions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spectator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tombraider	PM NOM	eng	eng
attain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
clandestinely	AB	eng	eng
name	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holier	JJ	eng	eng
charles	PM NOM	eng	eng
wiped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
caregivers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obstruct	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
aggravating	VB ING	eng	eng
guidance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instinctive	JJ POS	eng	eng
liberalised	VB PRT	eng	eng
narratives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whitaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
finely	AB	eng	eng
announces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
energising	VB ING	eng	eng
eartha	PM NOM	eng	eng
disruptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
examinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
climbed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
psychotherapist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
longer-term	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dent	PM NOM	eng	eng
dawgs	NN	eng	eng
borden	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wallets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pacific	JJ POS	eng	eng
chatsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
underscored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pivot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sitting	VB ING	eng	eng
tribution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cotte	PM NOM	eng	eng
detaches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
georgson	PM NOM	eng	eng
flintstones	PM NOM	eng	eng
watters	PM NOM	eng	eng
able	JJ POS	eng	eng
kevan	PM NOM	eng	eng
videotaping	JJ	eng	eng
fatherhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trajectory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
piping	VB ING	eng	eng
tulanes	PM GEN	eng	eng
burston	PM NOM	eng	eng
setbacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
advertising	VB ING	eng	eng
infraction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heritabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subsume	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
copiously	AB	eng	eng
primed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
archford	PM NOM	eng	eng
low-risk	JJ POS	eng	eng
comply	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
proliferate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
superstitiously	AB	eng	eng
tegmentum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breakfasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
verbally	AB	eng	eng
unwins	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fred	PM NOM	eng	eng
brooker	PM NOM	eng	eng
contrasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
prognosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
botanical	JJ POS	eng	eng
perfecting	VB	eng	eng
instrument	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pulpit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transmissions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hollowed	VB	eng	eng
staffer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
time-based	JJ	eng	eng
umount	NN	eng	eng
obligatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
crucified	JJ POS	eng	eng
heroisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ecohydrology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drewes	PM GEN	eng	eng
abysses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
robben	VB PAP	eng	eng
empathizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hunter-gatherers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
employer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
memo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
process-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
redeemer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
active	JJ POS	eng	eng
mend	VB	eng	eng
roedeers	PM NOM	eng	eng
berries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
photogenic	JJ	eng	eng
esteem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
powerlessness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tributions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
annals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccracken	PM NOM	eng	eng
immature	JJ POS	eng	eng
nationalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tacks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
jedward	PM NOM	eng	eng
understand	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unlocked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
enteral	JJ POS	eng	eng
impersonally	AB	eng	eng
djimon	PM NOM	eng	eng
connect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
narrative	JJ POS	eng	eng
abundantly	AB	eng	eng
caren	PM NOM	eng	eng
wins	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
critics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meadow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caregiver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disquieting	VB	eng	eng
seaton	PM NOM	eng	eng
spectators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lifespans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anomalous	JJ POS	eng	eng
shapeless	JJ POS	eng	eng
empathize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
davey	PM NOM	eng	eng
oddjob	PM NOM	eng	eng
brunton	PM NOM	eng	eng
jus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phenomenologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uninterrupted	JJ POS	eng	eng
masculine	JJ POS	eng	eng
suites	NN	eng	eng
metres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hangings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sociability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dimbleby	PM NOM	eng	eng
worships	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
morality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bunny	PM NOM	eng	eng
roache	PM NOM	eng	eng
intergenerational	JJ POS	eng	eng
montage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
industrializing	VB ING	eng	eng
wired	JJ POS	eng	eng
breakfast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcgue	PM NOM	eng	eng
owen	PM NOM	eng	eng
iceland	PM NOM	eng	eng
lineups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
straws	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
datum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concertedly	AB	eng	eng
macallister	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-identification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coburn's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fullerton	PM NOM	eng	eng
weeda	PM NOM	eng	eng
9-month	NN	eng	eng
years	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
execute	VB	eng	eng
newsletter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rhytm	NN	eng	eng
displaying	VB ING	eng	eng
toews	PM NOM	eng	eng
seeks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
morphemes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
opportunistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
lovelace	PM NOM	eng	eng
newcomer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sorrier	JJ	eng	eng
striving	VB ING	eng	eng
ruined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
athens	PM NOM	eng	eng
perspective	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
year-end	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quataert	PM NOM	eng	eng
keighley	PM NOM	eng	eng
appropriateness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
karey	PM NOM	eng	eng
interrelate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wakey	PM NOM	eng	eng
inventories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
educate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
someone's	PN GEN	eng	eng
overcame	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
loophole	PM NOM	eng	eng
nociceptors	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dispute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
failed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lateralisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
based	JJ POS	eng	eng
streep	PM NOM	eng	eng
sumptuary	JJ POS	eng	eng
negates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
draped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
verges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
biased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fifteen	RG	eng	eng
eaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
quintessential	JJ POS	eng	eng
replacing	VB ING	eng	eng
monarchs	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcwilliams	PM NOM	eng	eng
holocene	JJ POS	eng	eng
eurocentrism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
terrorists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acuity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
binghamton	PM NOM	eng	eng
beneficent	JJ POS	eng	eng
clients	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
houston	PM NOM	eng	eng
motto	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
between-group	NN	eng	eng
maynard	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-aware	NN	eng	eng
coaches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
philologically	AB	eng	eng
mobilizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acetylene	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
isaac's	PM GEN	eng	eng
musically	AB	eng	eng
dowds	PM GEN	eng	eng
administrate	VB	eng	eng
langstons	PM NOM	eng	eng
cairns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
defunct	JJ POS	eng	eng
lgames	NN	eng	eng
consecutive	JJ POS	eng	eng
sithole	PM NOM	eng	eng
implicating	VB	eng	eng
parson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
acutely	AB	eng	eng
teammates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
economism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
analgesia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unchecked	JJ POS	eng	eng
railjam	PM NOM	eng	eng
hopeful	JJ POS	eng	eng
unsuccessfully	AB	eng	eng
delighted	JJ POS	eng	eng
chapter's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
controversy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reverie	NN	eng	eng
confucian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intrapreneurial	JJ POS	eng	eng
spindle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
windsor	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commensurately	AB	eng	eng
walter's	PM GEN	eng	eng
brunswick's	PM GEN	eng	eng
diluted	JJ POS	eng	eng
reads	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
philosophized	VB PRT	eng	eng
asquith	PM NOM	eng	eng
predetermined	JJ POS	eng	eng
contagiously	AB	eng	eng
frontline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poignant	JJ POS	eng	eng
daughter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clitoris	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
popes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parkin	PM NOM	eng	eng
sedgewick	PM NOM	eng	eng
cresswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
dominion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kneel	VB	eng	eng
detach	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
skyrms	PM NOM	eng	eng
drogo	PM NOM	eng	eng
sinfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
beyonces	PM GEN	eng	eng
endured	JJ POS	eng	eng
betrayed	JJ POS	eng	eng
soothing	VB ING	eng	eng
overcoat	NN	eng	eng
ay	IN	eng	eng
enjoy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unattractive	JJ POS	eng	eng
archaeologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
panning	VB ING	eng	eng
teach	VB	eng	eng
shelters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scrapheap	PM NOM	eng	eng
outgrouping	VB ING	eng	eng
post-colonialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rotate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
talking	VB ING	eng	eng
camouflage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
spirit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcniff's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ladly	PM NOM	eng	eng
intrepid	JJ	eng	eng
rozzell	PM NOM	eng	eng
warm	JJ POS	eng	eng
pinnacle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcmurrer	PM NOM	eng	eng
defense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decepticons	PM NOM	eng	eng
others	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wrongness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marrying	VB ING	eng	eng
carol	PM NOM	eng	eng
gateway	NN	eng	eng
beneficially	AB	eng	eng
graydens	PM GEN	eng	eng
augustinian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
handheld	JJ POS	eng	eng
abernethy	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-political	JJ POS	eng	eng
circumstantially	AB	eng	eng
cuts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
benevolence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
good-quality	NN	eng	eng
barbarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conceptualizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refreshing	VB ING	eng	eng
dioceses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maybe	AB	eng	eng
trinities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cardial	JJ POS	eng	eng
terminated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
regaining	VB ING	eng	eng
true	JJ POS	eng	eng
luxury	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tremble	VB	eng	eng
afterchurch	NN	eng	eng
microbe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
super-pacs	PM NOM	eng	eng
courtship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweethearts	NN	eng	eng
rat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
husbandry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
close-ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gravy	NN	eng	eng
aberforth	PM NOM	eng	eng
pushes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cadenhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
sociopolitically	AB	eng	eng
agents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
referendums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unduly	AB	eng	eng
deity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
buyer-seller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
integers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slapstick	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
purport	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pivots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
writ	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
microflora	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
keith's	PM GEN	eng	eng
violate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
carvers	PM NOM	eng	eng
emulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
genocides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
affectional	JJ POS	eng	eng
dijoseph	PM NOM	eng	eng
grayson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unwin	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcleish	PM NOM	eng	eng
withholding	VB ING	eng	eng
aradale	PM NOM	eng	eng
ideally	AB	eng	eng
businessman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discretely	AB	eng	eng
iteratively	AB	eng	eng
basketball	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dismissive	JJ POS	eng	eng
equitable	JJ POS	eng	eng
farewells	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
witchville	PM NOM	eng	eng
modifying	VB ING	eng	eng
governor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intentionality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bobbery	NN	eng	eng
mobilise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pulsions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edgware	PM NOM	eng	eng
drewe	PM NOM	eng	eng
humpty	PM NOM	eng	eng
blows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
confide	VB	eng	eng
search	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cooperating	VB ING	eng	eng
goodin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
christma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wondering	VB ING	eng	eng
stew	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warrawee	PM NOM	eng	eng
tested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
judged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
callous-unemotional	JJ	eng	eng
aptly	AB	eng	eng
religiosity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greenes	PM GEN	eng	eng
obliterating	VB ING	eng	eng
bothered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pre-injury	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
endorsements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
paralleled	JJ POS	eng	eng
xdrive	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
knowledges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
methuen	PM NOM	eng	eng
network's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
wolverton	PM NOM	eng	eng
arousals	NN PLU	eng	eng
mercy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
jeopardy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
you	PN	eng	eng
pietism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emergently	AB	eng	eng
hawkey	PM NOM	eng	eng
stopped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
commutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
retainer	NN	eng	eng
enslaved	JJ POS	eng	eng
humanist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rigidly	AB	eng	eng
belief-desire	NN	eng	eng
bearded	VB	eng	eng
pettigrews	PM GEN	eng	eng
handsome	JJ POS	eng	eng
female-to-male	NN	eng	eng
arrow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rubber	JJ POS	eng	eng
liberations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
labeling	VB ING	eng	eng
illuminatingly	AB	eng	eng
refutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
molecules	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scullys	PM GEN	eng	eng
peeks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stargirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
eschatology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
administrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pump	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neveldine	PM NOM	eng	eng
lags	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
keeley	PM NOM	eng	eng
euphorias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disbanded	VB PAP	eng	eng
hijacking	VB ING	eng	eng
agilely	AB	eng	eng
postmyocardial	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-controls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
turnouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rainlake	PM NOM	eng	eng
supplants	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gasteyer	PM NOM	eng	eng
anonymously	AB	eng	eng
year's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
retest	VB	eng	eng
pushers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clunes	PM NOM	eng	eng
peeled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
maritimes	PM GEN	eng	eng
imperially	AB	eng	eng
scrapbooking	NN	eng	eng
blackstone's	PM GEN	eng	eng
realization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vice-president	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parcel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legitimately	AB	eng	eng
articulating	VB ING	eng	eng
allowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
antitrust	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
palaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kinsman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repositioning	VB ING	eng	eng
anymore	AB	eng	eng
muppets	NN PLU	eng	eng
wheeled	VB PRT	eng	eng
miles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shepher	PM NOM	eng	eng
blinding	BV	eng	eng
debt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
easy	JJ POS	eng	eng
irwin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
avenues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
internationalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
raps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broadbent	PM NOM	eng	eng
labor-intensively	AB	eng	eng
extinctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
businesseurope	PM NOM	eng	eng
budman	MP NOM	eng	eng
akehurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
preys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stung	VB PRT	eng	eng
bonafide	PM NOM	eng	eng
mind-body	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bartley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcdonells	PM NOM	eng	eng
flumride	PM NOM	eng	eng
nowlis	PM NOM	eng	eng
bewildered	JJ POS	eng	eng
abomination	NN	eng	eng
motivations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crept	VB PRT	eng	eng
conjunction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
onslaught	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scavenger	NN	eng	eng
youthfully	AB	eng	eng
shaky	JJ POS	eng	eng
irritated	JJ POS	eng	eng
wordsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
endorse	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
residence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
steadfast	JJ POS	eng	eng
conjuring	VB ING	eng	eng
cragg	PM NOM	eng	eng
colonialisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lawton	PM NOM	eng	eng
humorously	AB	eng	eng
spotlights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expropriated	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
idiopathic	JJ	eng	eng
replicating	VB ING	eng	eng
insightguide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outcry	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
battling	VB ING	eng	eng
works	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
repeals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
schematically	AB	eng	eng
frazier's	PM GEN	eng	eng
conditionally	AB	eng	eng
josse-bass	PM NOM	eng	eng
familiarized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
buy-out	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
institutionalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
imbues	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
link4you	PM NOM	eng	eng
thwarts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
furthering	VB ING	eng	eng
placebo-induced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
downside	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
midgley	PM NOM	eng	eng
badgley	PM NOM	eng	eng
faunal	JJ POS	eng	eng
rapids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
speedboat	NN	eng	eng
anti-democratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
democratizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
five-years	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mckell	PM NOM	eng	eng
easier	JJ KOM	eng	eng
rafters	NN	eng	eng
harvests	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ejaculators	NN PLU	eng	eng
brazoria	PM NOM	eng	eng
microwaves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
racisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
problematised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fawkes	PM NOM	eng	eng
cowling	PM NOM	eng	eng
rashfords	PM GEN	eng	eng
shooks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wrattens	PM GEN	eng	eng
wasn't	VB PRT HSI	eng	eng
bridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
crowned	JJ POS	eng	eng
parent's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
prostitution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mccarthy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
suddenly	AB	eng	eng
scone	NN	eng	eng
apprentice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poetryslam	PM NOM	eng	eng
sanibel	PM NOM	eng	eng
association's	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
murdock	PM NOM	eng	eng
deposits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cabin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
created	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
self-reflection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jenny	PM NOM	eng	eng
dale	PM NOM	eng	eng
radicalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
utilitarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confluences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
daycare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
half-centuries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adjacent	JJ POS	eng	eng
sandal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
surprise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
approve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
transitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wrote	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rowman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
finalise	VB	eng	eng
halford	PM NOM	eng	eng
egregiously	AB	eng	eng
nominalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cleverer	JJ	eng	eng
mcclellands	PM NOM	eng	eng
femmes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fleeting	VB ING	eng	eng
platforms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
snow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accumulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ranches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whatley	PM NOM	eng	eng
silk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
humphrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
ancestral	JJ POS	eng	eng
duckworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
deregister	VB	eng	eng
profound	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hazell	PM NOM	eng	eng
referee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reversions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
justifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dyspnoea	NN	eng	eng
busby's	PM GEN	eng	eng
webmessenger	PM NOM	eng	eng
dukes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blesses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
capital-intensively	AB	eng	eng
bland	JJ POS	eng	eng
benignly	AB	eng	eng
precise	JJ	eng	eng
smouldering	JJ	eng	eng
babylonian	JJ POS	eng	eng
ensembles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
we	PN	eng	eng
distinctive	JJ POS	eng	eng
signification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thexfactor	PM NOM	eng	eng
planner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drafts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overemphasises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plain	JJ POS	eng	eng
composite	JJ POS	eng	eng
perrow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
steeped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
set-up	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
schoolgirl	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elaborating	VB ING	eng	eng
trumped	VB	eng	eng
closer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
interviewers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deductible	JJ	eng	eng
fear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
task-oriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
logging	VB ING	eng	eng
totals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcginley	PM NOM	eng	eng
envision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fishlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
lebanon	PM NOM	eng	eng
seismographs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
satisfiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
melodrama	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
francis	PM NOM	eng	eng
dramatising	VB	eng	eng
lateral	JJ POS	eng	eng
shakely	PM NOM	eng	eng
benedictine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wraiths	NN	eng	eng
secondarily	AB	eng	eng
communitarianisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perilously	AB	eng	eng
jazzin	JJ	eng	eng
they're	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sunglass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revelation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ritch	PM NOM	eng	eng
gel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cruxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
advices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cutlack	PM NOM	eng	eng
linguistically	AB	eng	eng
aegis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
summas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
debuts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supervisee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
threats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keenoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
awkwardly	AB	eng	eng
hardwickes	PM GEN	eng	eng
newseum	PM NOM	eng	eng
re-evaluations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hell	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transpositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scrutinizing	VB ING	eng	eng
munchi	PM NOM	eng	eng
collaboration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wardley	PM NOM	eng	eng
everglades	PM NOM	eng	eng
theatres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supra	JJ POS	eng	eng
abridged	JJ POS	eng	eng
brace's	PM GEN	eng	eng
evel	PM NOM	eng	eng
appreciations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adjudicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
detachment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mercer	PM NOM	eng	eng
shiffrin	PM NOM	eng	eng
disown	VB	eng	eng
muster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
favoritism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moneypenny	PM NOM	eng	eng
proverbially	AB	eng	eng
comic	JJ POS	eng	eng
french-belgian	JJ POS	eng	eng
pneumonia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
factionally	AB	eng	eng
chartbooker	PM NOM	eng	eng
tackling	VB ING	eng	eng
winners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
helter	JJ	eng	eng
gordon	PM NOM	eng	eng
belligerently	AB	eng	eng
russians	PM NOM	eng	eng
featherman	PM NOM	eng	eng
preliminaries	NN PLU	eng	eng
brinson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
year-ends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proclamations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newcomers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conundrum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mismanagement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toddler	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strivings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pencil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
special-educator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breeden	PM NOM	eng	eng
potency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
martindale	PM NOM	eng	eng
profane	JJ POS	eng	eng
morpheme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marxian	JJ POS	eng	eng
femininity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mindpark	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
christie	PM NOM	eng	eng
hobie-cat	PM NOM	eng	eng
spicey	JJ	eng	eng
rabbis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contemplated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
familial	JJ POS	eng	eng
snowline	NN	eng	eng
restructures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
banning	VB ING	eng	eng
deprivation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-reliance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bulger	PM NOM	eng	eng
preferably	AB	eng	eng
uthers	PM NOM	eng	eng
tensest	JJ	eng	eng
indexes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doublestar	NN	eng	eng
solely	AB	eng	eng
bluecom	PM NOM	eng	eng
cluskey	PM NOM	eng	eng
determination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dognut	PM NOM	eng	eng
offspring	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inbetween	AB	eng	eng
empirical	JJ POS	eng	eng
uneconomical	JJ	eng	eng
acquires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
glasses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gratefuldead	PM NOM	eng	eng
italians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sexappeal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
softengine	PM NOM	eng	eng
aware	AB	eng	eng
formidable	JJ POS	eng	eng
enlarges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reasonings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
langston	PM NOM	eng	eng
yolk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
headmaster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paramount	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clings	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
magnification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
angelton	PM NOM	eng	eng
individualism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brigmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
tragic	JJ POS	eng	eng
outrageous	JJ POS	eng	eng
polemically	AB	eng	eng
greenfreaks	NN UTR SIN IND GEN	eng	eng
strident	JJ POS	eng	eng
private	JJ POS	eng	eng
kerridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
noting	VB ING	eng	eng
contradicting	VB ING	eng	eng
contacting	VB ING	eng	eng
criminalminds	PM NOM	eng	eng
claiming	VB ING	eng	eng
emanate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
corpus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teammate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
braithwaite	PM NOM	eng	eng
fainter	NN	eng	eng
robe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reagons	PM GEN	eng	eng
saved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
taxonomic	JJ POS	eng	eng
upstairs	AB	eng	eng
pineapple	NN	eng	eng
undisclosed	JJ	eng	eng
hearthstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
mindmaps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tacit	JJ POS	eng	eng
depressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
relentless	JJ POS	eng	eng
curfew	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cannabis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thanked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
southamptons	PM GEN	eng	eng
downbeat	JJ	eng	eng
adulthood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
essence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proliferation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redeemers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glad	JJ POS	eng	eng
insulated	JJ POS	eng	eng
worshipping	VB ING	eng	eng
shininglight	PM NOM	eng	eng
preserving	VB ING	eng	eng
anglo-swedish	JJ POS	eng	eng
protectionisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
expulsions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
page	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
degrading	VB ING	eng	eng
lifespan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brand-name	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
city's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monopolize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ironmaid	PM NOM	eng	eng
socioculturally	AB	eng	eng
poisonous	JJ POS	eng	eng
afternoon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bethell	PM NOM	eng	eng
rawness	NN	eng	eng
phenotypically	AB	eng	eng
politician	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
receded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
germane	JJ POS	eng	eng
congenitally	AB	eng	eng
arberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
scot	PM NOM	eng	eng
smarter	JJ KOM	eng	eng
bushes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obscene	JJ POS	eng	eng
mawle	PM NOM	eng	eng
yarkled	JJ	eng	eng
overused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tidied	VB PRT	eng	eng
fourth	RO	eng	eng
deepened	JJ POS	eng	eng
hopelessly	AB	eng	eng
hardcore	JJ POS	eng	eng
embellished	JJ POS	eng	eng
common	JJ POS	eng	eng
verity	NN	eng	eng
erodes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
interiorly	AB	eng	eng
fold	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hebrews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fanned	VB	eng	eng
adheres	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
borderlands	PM NOM	eng	eng
robear	PM NOM	eng	eng
tesearchs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pennsylvanias	PM GEN	eng	eng
benefiting	VB ING	eng	eng
revivals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acquitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stick	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
love's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
merton	PM NOM	eng	eng
mewis	PM NOM	eng	eng
maladjustments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
foremen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
define	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fundamentalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
object	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
close-up	NN	eng	eng
hopcut	PM NOM	eng	eng
optical	JJ POS	eng	eng
joys	PM NOM	eng	eng
eraser	NN	eng	eng
duncombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
down	AB	eng	eng
sugarcane	NN	eng	eng
sensitizers	NN PLU	eng	eng
nudie	NN	eng	eng
scratch	NN	eng	eng
repairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reflection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liquidated	JJ POS	eng	eng
whiteboards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bureau	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brewing	VB ING	eng	eng
calvinists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
explode	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
charter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crucial	JJ POS	eng	eng
hens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reforming	VB ING	eng	eng
coogan	PM NOM	eng	eng
fulfilment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
developmentally	AB	eng	eng
leeds	PM NOM	eng	eng
jessa	PM NOM	eng	eng
announcements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
physician-assisted	lang:en new:070413	eng	eng
occurrences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moribund	JJ POS	eng	eng
additional	JJ POS	eng	eng
centerpiece	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-evaluations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pledge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
prematurely	AB	eng	eng
brush	NN	eng	eng
giggles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fighters	NN	eng	eng
cadbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
seqr	PM NOM	eng	eng
woolsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
gere	PM NOM	eng	eng
governors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
naughty	JJ POS	eng	eng
bibliography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
farewell	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
explosively	AB	eng	eng
reluctance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perryman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
brockway	PM NOM	eng	eng
just-in-time	AB	eng	eng
plausibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shred	PM NOM	eng	eng
pronouns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cramby	PM NOM	eng	eng
correctional	JJ POS	eng	eng
sales	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
agencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acknowledgments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emotionality	AB	eng	eng
groceries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
worksheets	NN PLU	eng	eng
felix	PM NOM	eng	eng
fixity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
terror	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
genocide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transmode	PM NOM	eng	eng
syntax	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
comorbidly	AB	eng	eng
dealmakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unsuitable	JJ POS	eng	eng
neighbour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impassioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
hyperboles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inspectors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loyalty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brennan	PM NOM	eng	eng
eagle-eye	PM NOM	eng	eng
military's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
sexes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ratifying	VB ING	eng	eng
one-third	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
christmas	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
epitome	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mobilises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
misinterpretations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dorking	PM NOM	eng	eng
devalues	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
signify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
steepest	JJ	eng	eng
caveman	PM NOM	eng	eng
traweek	PM NOM	eng	eng
daughters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spencer's	PM GEN	eng	eng
doomed	JJ POS	eng	eng
kind	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disruption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
iwais	PM NOM	eng	eng
differentiate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
scouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unconstitutional	JJ POS	eng	eng
beams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
iraqis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
propaganda	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reacting	VB ING	eng	eng
calm	JJ	eng	eng
delocator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nidderdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
sherrybaby	PM NOM	eng	eng
ambiguous	JJ POS	eng	eng
steer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mccollough	PM NOM	eng	eng
shopkeepers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
congregations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shoveled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
simultaneity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sickle	NN	eng	eng
feasty	PM NOM	eng	eng
tutors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lamented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
abigail	PM NOM	eng	eng
elected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
twisted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
victimological	JJ POS	eng	eng
decks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dominions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conly	PM NOM	eng	eng
comorbidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
killington	PM NOM	eng	eng
runner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suicicide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prevented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
aboard	JJ POS	eng	eng
inapplicable	JJ POS	eng	eng
autistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
evolved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cruickshank	PM NOM	eng	eng
unmediated	JJ POS	eng	eng
quince	PM NOM	eng	eng
moderately	AB	eng	eng
patriotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
decaied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
influences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fearful	JJ POS	eng	eng
taiwanese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fell	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wades	PM GEN	eng	eng
mays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gromee	PM NOM	eng	eng
underlining	VB ING	eng	eng
brickhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-expressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meaningfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jerk	NN	eng	eng
anxiety-disordered	JJ	eng	eng
collegeville	PM NOM	eng	eng
oriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
randomness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whippets	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
tending	VB ING	eng	eng
oversimplifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dope	NN	eng	eng
plantronics	PM NOM	eng	eng
cubist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
co-operative	JJ POS	eng	eng
pinnacles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fancier	JJ	eng	eng
jay's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cravings	NN PLU	eng	eng
e-street	PM NOM	eng	eng
spruce	PM NOM	eng	eng
middlemarch	PM NOM	eng	eng
transcendent	JJ POS	eng	eng
unrestrictedly	AB	eng	eng
parentheses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lineages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biliary	JJ	eng	eng
nonviolent	JJ POS	eng	eng
intricately	AB	eng	eng
senders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ran	VB PST	eng	eng
ghettoization	NN	eng	eng
minimising	VB ING	eng	eng
immorally	AB	eng	eng
interculturally	AB	eng	eng
designating	VB ING	eng	eng
3-hydroxytyramine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fraudulent	JJ POS	eng	eng
englishmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcdonell	PM NOM	eng	eng
monumental	JJ POS	eng	eng
cooperative	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
questionnaires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shepshed	PM NOM	eng	eng
intersubjective	JJ POS	eng	eng
whistles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
paved	JJ POS	eng	eng
json	PM NOM	eng	eng
effortlessly	AB	eng	eng
grudgingly	AB	eng	eng
elicitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
escaping	VB ING	eng	eng
rehearsals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shealy	PM NOM	eng	eng
corticalization	NN	eng	eng
scapegrace	NN	eng	eng
woodard	PM NOM	eng	eng
voice-overs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
initially	AB	eng	eng
frenchmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crafter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elegance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preempting	VB ING	eng	eng
incurs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hopscotch	PM NOM	eng	eng
rehabilitative	JJ POS	eng	eng
netport	PM NOM	eng	eng
subset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gennie	PM NOM	eng	eng
configuration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grandmothers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flavoring	VB ING	eng	eng
savills	PM NOM	eng	eng
paramilitary	JJ POS	eng	eng
intracorporate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bartholomy	PM NOM	eng	eng
kilburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
high-but-imperfect	JJ	eng	eng
jefferson	PM NOM	eng	eng
hebdige	PM NOM	eng	eng
campral	PM NOM	eng	eng
discusses	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
downsides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
atoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nutritional	JJ POS	eng	eng
distrusted	JJ POS	eng	eng
coronary	JJ POS	eng	eng
hypnosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waving	VB ING	eng	eng
rewrites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
authoritarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ockhams	PM GEN	eng	eng
panic	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
anomaly	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transactionally	AB	eng	eng
spiner	PM NOM	eng	eng
paraphrase	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wokes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
menace	NN	eng	eng
hi	IN	eng	eng
dodger	PM NOM	eng	eng
arthroscopic	JJ	eng	eng
illustration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
correctively	AB	eng	eng
anaesthetists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dumps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
greatness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
millwaukee	PM NOM	eng	eng
increments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
permitting	VB ING	eng	eng
excavations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
just-in-time-learning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hope	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
obstetric	JJ POS	eng	eng
engenderings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bonesupport	PM NOM	eng	eng
chief	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
relationship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
countries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carnoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
molecule	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mckee	PM NOM	eng	eng
novels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
catchdrivers	NN	eng	eng
peacekeeper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cured	JJ POS	eng	eng
regents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
occultly	AB	eng	eng
denunciation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ravlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
humanists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coasters	PM NOM	eng	eng
retainers	NN	eng	eng
jae	PM NOM	eng	eng
visible	JJ POS	eng	eng
parsed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
omaid	PM NOM	eng	eng
wetmore's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sexually	AB	eng	eng
supplant	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
piglets	NN PLU	eng	eng
roofer	NN	eng	eng
unsettled	JJ POS	eng	eng
inconsistent	JJ POS	eng	eng
marginalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
mush	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unsupported	JJ POS	eng	eng
hoses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colonization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
euphoria	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apprenticeships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
taissa	PM NOM	eng	eng
emmi	PM NOM	eng	eng
syllabus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
folkways	PM NOM	eng	eng
eurasian	JJ	eng	eng
pornographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
hecks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ordered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fossil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stresses	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
macraes	PM GEN	eng	eng
ridges	NN	eng	eng
neurologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shirin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
maritime	JJ POS	eng	eng
discharged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
co	PM NOM	eng	eng
regbo	PM NOM	eng	eng
cosmopolitan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scream	PM NOM	eng	eng
shockingly	AB	eng	eng
platelet	NN	eng	eng
15th	JJ POS	eng	eng
confusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quarrelling	VB	eng	eng
jive	VB	eng	eng
destitute	JJ POS	eng	eng
towel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hormonal	JJ POS	eng	eng
competent	JJ POS	eng	eng
toons	NN	eng	eng
deportation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repetitively	AB	eng	eng
containing	VB ING	eng	eng
impairs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
topically	AB	eng	eng
mclennan	PM NOM	eng	eng
destinies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
congestive	JJ	eng	eng
ensemble	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toddlerhood	NN	eng	eng
metrosexual	JJ POS	eng	eng
worsen	VB PAP	eng	eng
disembedded	VB PAP	eng	eng
disoriented	JJ	eng	eng
shaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
scent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bump	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dalgleish	PM NOM	eng	eng
reframes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
maternally	AB	eng	eng
yang	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guiltily	NN	eng	eng
envisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plenty	JJ POS	eng	eng
oxygen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
workwear	NN	eng	eng
postindustrial	JJ POS	eng	eng
donal	PM NOM	eng	eng
cow's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
akalitus	PM NOM	eng	eng
almsgiving	NN	eng	eng
pancake	NN	eng	eng
radcliff	PM NOM	eng	eng
oxfam	PM NOM	eng	eng
wetly	AB	eng	eng
confering	VB ING	eng	eng
abstinence-oriented	JJ	eng	eng
dysfunctional	JJ POS	eng	eng
sneaking	VB	eng	eng
impulse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
graph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repayments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
co-operating	VB ING	eng	eng
psychoses	NN PLU	eng	eng
difficultly	AB	eng	eng
photos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tap	NN	eng	eng
apnea	NN	eng	eng
ashgate	PM NOM	eng	eng
younger	JJ KOM	eng	eng
shiffrins	PM GEN	eng	eng
flipping	VB ING	eng	eng
transcending	VB ING	eng	eng
cynically	AB	eng	eng
battleship	NN	eng	eng
invoke	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
raleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
text's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
fast-foods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laura's	PM GEN	eng	eng
veal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cranked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
confectionery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agricultures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
illusory	JJ POS	eng	eng
chilly	JJ	eng	eng
glove	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lobster's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
class	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sledge	PM NOM	eng	eng
sunny	JJ POS	eng	eng
explains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
payments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cheryl	PM NOM	eng	eng
institution's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
pagford	PM NOM	eng	eng
gabriel	PM NOM	eng	eng
possess	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
circumcised	JJ POS	eng	eng
rashford	PM NOM	eng	eng
dogmatisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
placid	PM NOM	eng	eng
melody	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
physiotherapists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
zamway	PM NOM	eng	eng
coptic	JJ	eng	eng
invent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
numerology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
respirations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mundane	JJ POS	eng	eng
wits	PM GEN	eng	eng
awfully	AB	eng	eng
islams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unaccountable	JJ POS	eng	eng
livin	VB	eng	eng
goodkind	PM NOM	eng	eng
approaches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
segmentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sailing	VB ING	eng	eng
farmed	JJ POS	eng	eng
airlift	NN	eng	eng
entice	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
moone	PM NOM	eng	eng
intelligentsia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disdains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
netframe	PM NOM	eng	eng
loss	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dexterities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tracts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dignified	JJ POS	eng	eng
curable	JJ	eng	eng
accruing	VB ING	eng	eng
plummeted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
abled-bodied	JJ	eng	eng
rebhorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
platform	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inactivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
feeling	VB ING	eng	eng
finalises	VB	eng	eng
cains	PM GEN	eng	eng
tempos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outpouring	VB ING	eng	eng
unorganized	JJ POS	eng	eng
oasis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plunkett	PM NOM	eng	eng
ernests	PM GEN	eng	eng
tenure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conspiracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
surprises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thread	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whalen	PM NOM	eng	eng
roark	PM NOM	eng	eng
brown's	PM NOM	eng	eng
franco-german	JJ POS	eng	eng
standoff	NN	eng	eng
scenic	JJ POS	eng	eng
holmes	PM NOM	eng	eng
occlusal	JJ POS	eng	eng
opposing	VB ING	eng	eng
rationalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bricklayers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
improvement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fight-or-flight	NN	eng	eng
braddy	PM NOM	eng	eng
pipsqueak	PM NOM	eng	eng
profounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exploratory	AB	eng	eng
subclinical	JJ POS	eng	eng
grind	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fulfil	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
logsdon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
balanced	JJ POS	eng	eng
turn-taking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
epilepsy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crust	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
devise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greenland	PM NOM	eng	eng
superbrothers	NN PLU	eng	eng
humphreys	PM GEN	eng	eng
attractiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mciver	PM NOM	eng	eng
physicalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agutter	PM NOM	eng	eng
daddy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
oath	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knightley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
liberalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
codes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pickers	NN PLU	eng	eng
shamrocks	PM GEN	eng	eng
town	PM NOM	eng	eng
especial	JJ	eng	eng
unprepared	JJ POS	eng	eng
combined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
guru	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-focused	NN	eng	eng
harp's	PM GEN	eng	eng
logistical	JJ POS	eng	eng
visceral	JJ POS	eng	eng
scenario	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dogmatism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sherryl	PM NOM	eng	eng
yale-brown	PM NOM	eng	eng
auxiliary	JJ POS	eng	eng
generalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eschews	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bournemouth	PM NOM	eng	eng
clambake	PM NOM	eng	eng
lutherans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scuba	PM NOM	eng	eng
intrapreneuring	VB ING	eng	eng
systematically	AB	eng	eng
jeremy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
statute	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brandwork	PM NOM	eng	eng
person's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
authorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
who's	PN GEN	eng	eng
swam	VB PST	eng	eng
watchmen	NN	eng	eng
sleep-disordered	JJ	eng	eng
oligopolies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
verifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tablet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attentional	JJ POS	eng	eng
foes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
makerspaces	PM GEN	eng	eng
aristotle	PM NOM	eng	eng
rhyannon	PM NOM	eng	eng
blackberry	NN	eng	eng
unsatisfied	JJ POS	eng	eng
vulgar	JJ POS	eng	eng
eyewitness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
skies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incur	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
daytime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
livejournal	PM NOM	eng	eng
eased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
anachronism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flatteringly	AB	eng	eng
pogues	PM NOM	eng	eng
celebrity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
baker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncomfortable	JJ POS	eng	eng
masquerade	NN	eng	eng
swetouch	PM NOM	eng	eng
stress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advisors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
autonomously	AB	eng	eng
warming-up	NN	eng	eng
hooker	PM NOM	eng	eng
cobb	PM NOM	eng	eng
pedigrees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
professionals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stirs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
centripetal	JJ POS	eng	eng
categorize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
diving	VB ING	eng	eng
counselled	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'hea	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-referentiality	NN	eng	eng
greensboro	PM NOM	eng	eng
thrombolytic	JJ	eng	eng
panics	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
induces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
glaspie	PM NOM	eng	eng
measuring	VB ING	eng	eng
collaborate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
doddington	PM NOM	eng	eng
soundtracks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uncontained	JJ	eng	eng
testosterones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
novel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gifford	PM NOM	eng	eng
supplementing	VB ING	eng	eng
candleford	PM NOM	eng	eng
retailer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
businessweek	PM NOM	eng	eng
fitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
copeland	PM NOM	eng	eng
freshwater	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bind	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
exponents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
racializations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newsreel	PM NOM	eng	eng
drath	PM NOM	eng	eng
tar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
latitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assuring	VB ING	eng	eng
confusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chiefs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
renewals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mourning	VB ING	eng	eng
sweden's	PM GEN	eng	eng
contra	PP	eng	eng
recreations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seeley	PM NOM	eng	eng
contrarily	AB	eng	eng
monastery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
universalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boundary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unconcernedly	AB	eng	eng
gaits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biographical	JJ POS	eng	eng
fast-food	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disengagements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unintentional	JJ POS	eng	eng
compared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
carelessness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spousal	PM NOM	eng	eng
thirties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
10th	JJ POS	eng	eng
skilfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
joshie	PM NOM	eng	eng
dazzling	VB ING	eng	eng
pyloris	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ridge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
barefoot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
daylights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bavarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
popped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
repayment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reith	PM NOM	eng	eng
intellectual	JJ POS	eng	eng
cowdery	PM NOM	eng	eng
emigration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moonlighting	VB	eng	eng
famed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nonrestricted	JJ POS	eng	eng
tropics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
careers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stevie	PM NOM	eng	eng
patriot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seal's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cornerstones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
baskery	PM NOM	eng	eng
sugarman	NN	eng	eng
brooklyns	PM GEN	eng	eng
lids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sexualised	JJ	eng	eng
strucks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prefaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
byrd	PM NOM	eng	eng
repudiations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
syllabi	NN PLU	eng	eng
understandable	JJ POS	eng	eng
slogans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
voiceover	NN	eng	eng
towels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brochure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obstetrics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scarface	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jake	PM NOM	eng	eng
heartbreakers	NN	eng	eng
ninety	RG	eng	eng
livelihood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unto	PP	eng	eng
observer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
team	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corky	PM NOM	eng	eng
sciene	NN	eng	eng
pryce	PM NOM	eng	eng
increment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mountaineers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blacklock	PM NOM	eng	eng
faulk	PM NOM	eng	eng
rewiev	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
metalbar	PM NOM	eng	eng
scents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reeboks	PM GEN	eng	eng
mails	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trade-labelled	JJ POS	eng	eng
confessed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
boutcher	PM NOM	eng	eng
cobains	PM GEN	eng	eng
fabric	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
berridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
introductory	JJ POS	eng	eng
inhibitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
photo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mathematical	JJ POS	eng	eng
protagonists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spookie	JJ	eng	eng
hypocritical	JJ POS	eng	eng
fisher	PM NOM	eng	eng
ticking	JJ	eng	eng
hillustrious	PM NOM	eng	eng
parliament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thermic	JJ	eng	eng
mindlessness	NN	eng	eng
caterpillar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
capone	PM NOM	eng	eng
myriad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pedley	PM NOM	eng	eng
deepwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
immaturity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oxfams	PM GEN	eng	eng
coole	PM NOM	eng	eng
respective	JJ POS	eng	eng
moulding	VB ING	eng	eng
jules	PM NOM	eng	eng
contrastively	AB	eng	eng
detentions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alley	PM NOM	eng	eng
resigned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
graphs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
decided	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
values-driven	JJ POS	eng	eng
abstention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eton	PM NOM	eng	eng
animates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
instafamous	JJ	eng	eng
quagmire	PM NOM	eng	eng
amygdalas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
athletic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disgustingly	AB	eng	eng
anathema	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eamon	PM NOM	eng	eng
gloves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flush	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suppressing	VB ING	eng	eng
capitalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unreported	JJ POS	eng	eng
expert	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smoothly	AB	eng	eng
midhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
jadman	PM NOM	eng	eng
maturing	VB ING	eng	eng
europeans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
splendid	JJ POS	eng	eng
ascpect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sadness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rehearsal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highscore	NN	eng	eng
spurs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
registries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keyora	PM NOM	eng	eng
competition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consenting	VB ING	eng	eng
superlaunch	NN	eng	eng
hammered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
upcycling	NN	eng	eng
witnessing	VB ING	eng	eng
adorned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
happier	JJ KOM	eng	eng
athley	PM NOM	eng	eng
dyspareunia	NN	eng	eng
pownall	PM NOM	eng	eng
smallpox	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rubbished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
portrays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heroins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
know	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
explorations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cartel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
underwrite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
preexisting	JJ POS	eng	eng
administratively	AB	eng	eng
scandalous	JJ POS	eng	eng
geodrain	PM NOM	eng	eng
trumpet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blasphemies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
warbler	PM NOM	eng	eng
curative	JJ POS	eng	eng
weakening	VB ING	eng	eng
wykeham	PM NOM	eng	eng
soda	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ambit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
islam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tempo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mazes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
really	AB	eng	eng
pack	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
memorandum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
in	PP	eng	eng
sociological	JJ POS	eng	eng
framer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
favourably	AB	eng	eng
tract	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
primarily	AB	eng	eng
ailment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jeffersons	PM GEN	eng	eng
reel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fracture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foucaultian	JJ POS	eng	eng
avowedly	AB	eng	eng
polluted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
buckland	PM NOM	eng	eng
6-year	NN	eng	eng
endorser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quantifiable	JJ POS	eng	eng
civilly	AB	eng	eng
drawings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distort	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
grinds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
crewson	PM NOM	eng	eng
appropriating	VB ING	eng	eng
unaccompanied	VB PRT	eng	eng
crusts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
jayma	PM NOM	eng	eng
extinguish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
season	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abstraction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loosen	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
celtic	JJ POS	eng	eng
retirements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rapprochements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rutter's	PM GEN	eng	eng
utilises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
respiratory	JJ POS	eng	eng
spurious	JJ POS	eng	eng
assaulted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nevertheless	AB	eng	eng
mccloy	PM NOM	eng	eng
delinquencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
24th	RG	eng	eng
adequately	AB	eng	eng
adapted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
seethestar	PM NOM	eng	eng
federalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goodness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unattainable	JJ POS	eng	eng
vitality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dinosaur	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wisely	AB	eng	eng
compassion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
symmetries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mixes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hypothesising	VB	eng	eng
scanergys	PM GEN	eng	eng
tetracycline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reincarnation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
destitution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uther	PM NOM	eng	eng
communalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crum	PM NOM	eng	eng
riskier	JJ KOM	eng	eng
lionize	VB	eng	eng
cream-skinning	NN	eng	eng
completion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intimatations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proclivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
turks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multi-dimensionally	AB	eng	eng
chelsom	PM NOM	eng	eng
reps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rabbi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sideline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grappling	VB ING	eng	eng
disordered	JJ POS	eng	eng
trelawney	PM NOM	eng	eng
installations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undisputed	JJ POS	eng	eng
democracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mosley	PM NOM	eng	eng
selfishnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
misfit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
covenants	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
madame	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consoling	VB ING	eng	eng
foers	PM GEN	eng	eng
cling	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pollen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lies	VB PRT HSI	eng	eng
altering	VB ING	eng	eng
kitchenaid	PM NOM	eng	eng
intergovernmentalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sprint	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gaining	VB ING	eng	eng
unearthed	JJ	eng	eng
redwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
co-therapist	NN	eng	eng
textbox	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
usabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accustoming	VB	eng	eng
perennial	JJ POS	eng	eng
sponges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
age	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
circularities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
traditionalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
metatheoretical	JJ POS	eng	eng
adviser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
favourite	JJ POS	eng	eng
temperate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
congratulating	VB	eng	eng
spurling	PM NOM	eng	eng
barmaid	NN	eng	eng
chalpin	PM NOM	eng	eng
ransomware	NN	eng	eng
reusing	VB ING	eng	eng
skilfully	AB	eng	eng
sturdy	JJ POS	eng	eng
eglon	PM NOM	eng	eng
influence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unchaperoned	JJ	eng	eng
uselessly	AB	eng	eng
breaching	VB ING	eng	eng
seager	PM NOM	eng	eng
broadening	VB ING	eng	eng
uninterested	JJ POS	eng	eng
fahey	PM NOM	eng	eng
motorways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prosthodontics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contending	VB ING	eng	eng
borth	PM NOM	eng	eng
sainsbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
anti	AB	eng	eng
selfesteem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
racial	JJ POS	eng	eng
module	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abandoned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fine-grained	JJ POS	eng	eng
whistle-blowers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dysregulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jenetzen	PM NOM	eng	eng
rewarding	VB ING	eng	eng
misfortunes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
invitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resultatred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
terrific	JJ	eng	eng
sorority	PM NOM	eng	eng
cherishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
made	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
disagreeing	VB ING	eng	eng
painterly	JJ POS	eng	eng
obeying	VB ING	eng	eng
elevate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
calvinist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
duties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
default	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
provisional	JJ POS	eng	eng
qulinez	PM NOM	eng	eng
detectable	JJ POS	eng	eng
kettlebells	NN	eng	eng
sinns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
imparting	VB ING	eng	eng
effects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coraline	PM NOM	eng	eng
driver's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
codeswitching	NN	eng	eng
rackley	PM NOM	eng	eng
brotherhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
irrevocable	JJ POS	eng	eng
affirmatively	AB	eng	eng
sue	PM NOM	eng	eng
portrait	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burlington	PM NOM	eng	eng
oppressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
torquays	PM GEN	eng	eng
barely	AB	eng	eng
gwendolyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
sustainability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neatly	AB	eng	eng
gaby's	PM GEN	eng	eng
manstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
christmass	PM NOM	eng	eng
loney	PM NOM	eng	eng
erode	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
eagle-eyes	PM GEN	eng	eng
sobering	VB ING	eng	eng
user	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
basket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redbud	PM NOM	eng	eng
conflictingly	AB	eng	eng
link	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overtake	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
inspector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hyperbole	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conjoints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pye's	PM GEN	eng	eng
neighbours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
legs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rankings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
splinter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swerock	PM NOM	eng	eng
verifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nakedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
melanin-concentrating	VB	eng	eng
sticks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
worley	PM NOM	eng	eng
seaberg	PM NOM	eng	eng
scarcely	AB	eng	eng
carsen	PM NOM	eng	eng
ephesians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revisited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
charmain	PM NOM	eng	eng
confidentially	AB	eng	eng
beauty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resourcefulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hamhuis	PM NOM	eng	eng
corpuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-standard	JJ POS	eng	eng
reef	PM NOM	eng	eng
leaping	VB ING	eng	eng
afternoons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
announce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lawson	PM NOM	eng	eng
guidances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discriminating	VB ING	eng	eng
dowse	VB	eng	eng
dubin	PM NOM	eng	eng
atreyu	PM NOM	eng	eng
vicissitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
excuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
promoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
subnationally	AB	eng	eng
turner	PM NOM	eng	eng
participates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
obstructs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
player's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inexorable	JJ POS	eng	eng
mathew	PM NOM	eng	eng
gnostic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
visuals	NNP LU	eng	eng
phallus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
squaredance	NN	eng	eng
expulsion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
identity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neutralise	VB	eng	eng
adulthoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backyardigans	NN	eng	eng
dice	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overcrowding	VB ING	eng	eng
ancien	JJ POS	eng	eng
locklear	PM NOM	eng	eng
nethercott	PM NOM	eng	eng
crutchfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
jessas	PM GEN	eng	eng
sadistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
rutley	PM NOM	eng	eng
fungi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
independently	AB	eng	eng
strands	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcphersson	PM NOM	eng	eng
kapunda	PM NOM	eng	eng
wither	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
actualizing	VB ING	eng	eng
chronologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hardened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
spatiality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
fugs	PM NOM	eng	eng
elfin	NN	eng	eng
swapmeets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
indulge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
flagrantly	AB	eng	eng
ganache	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maneater	PM NOM	eng	eng
admise	VB HSI	eng	eng
cakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-structure	NN	eng	eng
cardboard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sunset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
employers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gleaned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
barsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
people	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eastward	AB	eng	eng
defers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reactivation	NN	eng	eng
audiotaped	VB	eng	eng
one-year	JJ POS	eng	eng
districtsix	PM NOM	eng	eng
ledingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
accomplishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
inflammations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
longhorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
reforce	PM NOM	eng	eng
grrrrl	NN	eng	eng
barriers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sack	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cofield	PM NOM	eng	eng
acclaim	NN	eng	eng
offsprings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcginty	PM NOM	eng	eng
chumlee	PM NOM	eng	eng
iraqi	JJ POS	eng	eng
rebuttal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clumsy	JJ POS	eng	eng
cleaveland	PM NOM	eng	eng
allergic	JJ POS	eng	eng
blockchains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rebirth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lordship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
taking	VB ING	eng	eng
highflyer	PM NOM	eng	eng
buy-cotting	VB ING	eng	eng
predecessor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
malloch	PM NOM	eng	eng
cameramen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pease's	PM GEN	eng	eng
conflicted	JJ POS	eng	eng
bores	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
o'neals	PM NOM	eng	eng
spontaneously	AB	eng	eng
walled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
general-market	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cruising	VB ING	eng	eng
uncovering	VB ING	eng	eng
pattern	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whenever	AB	eng	eng
volitional	JJ POS	eng	eng
flavour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
successfully	AB	eng	eng
rereading	VB ING	eng	eng
harward	PM NOM	eng	eng
steers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
library's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
conundrums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refurbishment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suffices	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
emsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
empathetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
percentiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tutor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supervisor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sifted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
foxworthy	PM NOM	eng	eng
cromer	PM NOM	eng	eng
nicknames	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cubs	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
dissociates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
albright	PM NOM	eng	eng
sex-role	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concerns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tobaccos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
countervailing	VB ING	eng	eng
apprehensively	AB	eng	eng
voyage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dangerous	JJ POS	eng	eng
assortment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
barbarous	JJ POS	eng	eng
fitzgerald's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unrest	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
messaging	VB ING	eng	eng
stanford	PM NOM	eng	eng
interrelation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
predicament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fay	PM NOM	eng	eng
america	PM NOM	eng	eng
walks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
winerich	PM NOM	eng	eng
excise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reasoning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decisional	JJ POS	eng	eng
hypothesized	JJ POS	eng	eng
mylady	PM NOM	eng	eng
escorts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
idiosyncrasies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
razor	NN	eng	eng
magicians	NN PLU	eng	eng
albee	PM NOM	eng	eng
dear	JJ POS	eng	eng
rug	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gaullist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nafee	PM NOM	eng	eng
monopolies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heartily	AB	eng	eng
rockin	PM NOM	eng	eng
radically	AB	eng	eng
thinning	VB	eng	eng
hinson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
exchanged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
will	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
funniest	JJ	eng	eng
excite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
secessionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
occurencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relaunched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ecstatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
dismantles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chieftainships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sycamores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-reports	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apalachicola	PM NOM	eng	eng
myasthenic	JJ POS	eng	eng
betrays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sells	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sufficiently	AB	eng	eng
ornamentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outlook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
petrol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pennyroyal	PM NOM	eng	eng
muscularly	AB	eng	eng
preferential	JJ POS	eng	eng
profitably	JJ POS	eng	eng
minimalises	VB	eng	eng
israelian	JJ POS	eng	eng
counterintuitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
departure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
twintip	NN	eng	eng
entertained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
caths	PM GEN	eng	eng
adamson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pronounced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fixated	JJ POS	eng	eng
dam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-perpetuating	NN	eng	eng
uniquely	AB	eng	eng
trustworthiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
catlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
coalitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
malaysian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nudes	JJ POS	eng	eng
pity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cambourne	PM NOM	eng	eng
dependences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edicts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fitnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abstaining	VB ING	eng	eng
bute	PM NOM	eng	eng
slave-owners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rod	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
camera	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
annex	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
partakes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
manticore	PM NOM	eng	eng
petersfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
suppress	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
shoe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-mentalizing	JJ	eng	eng
unpredictably	AB	eng	eng
hailed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
footprints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dee's	PM GEN	eng	eng
impotence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lamprey	NN	eng	eng
applicability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dialogic	JJ POS	eng	eng
huntford	PM NOM	eng	eng
open	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
joffroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
dirts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
humiliation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prehistory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redistributions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outlines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
frieze	PM NOM	eng	eng
d'one	PM NOM	eng	eng
keane	PM NOM	eng	eng
petitioner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bynum	PM NOM	eng	eng
uganda	PM NOM	eng	eng
military	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cinnamon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trustful	JJ	eng	eng
netlaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
legends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
going	VB ING	eng	eng
decried	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
incursions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elusiveness	NN	eng	eng
drysdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
upright	JJ POS	eng	eng
absurdly	AB	eng	eng
fabrication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-formal	JJ POS	eng	eng
enmity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
externalising	VB	eng	eng
glengarry	PM NOM	eng	eng
sprawling	VB ING	eng	eng
donald	PM NOM	eng	eng
perryman	PM NOM	eng	eng
ascription	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indebted	JJ POS	eng	eng
zharnel	PM NOM	eng	eng
impostors	NN UTR PLU IND GEN	eng	eng
laid	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inescapably	AB	eng	eng
awakenings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
noisy	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcworld	PM NOM	eng	eng
wordpress	PM NOM	eng	eng
inoffensively	AB	eng	eng
rays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
responsively	AB	eng	eng
protoctists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commentators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polylogue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
checkouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
toughest	JJ	eng	eng
hillery's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sociobehavioral	JJ	eng	eng
winstons	PM GEN	eng	eng
clomipramine	NN	eng	eng
unseen	JJ POS	eng	eng
dovetail	NN	eng	eng
danger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prejudiced	VB PAP	eng	eng
implosion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stimulus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mongol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
custard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lloyds	PM NOM	eng	eng
depressing	JJ POS	eng	eng
versa	AB	eng	eng
recombinant	JJ	eng	eng
performativity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fermenting	VB ING	eng	eng
natal	JJ POS	eng	eng
rectangles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
primitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
numerous	JJ POS	eng	eng
unresourceful	JJ	eng	eng
bradstreet	PM NOM	eng	eng
doubtless	JJ POS	eng	eng
medicaid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gender	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
garwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
anxiety-provoking	JJ	eng	eng
anatomies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diginews	PM NOM	eng	eng
stupid	JJ POS	eng	eng
socio-political	JJ POS	eng	eng
barrages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tastes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
informatics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
acknowledges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
queensland	PM NOM	eng	eng
glymor's	PM GEN	eng	eng
prominences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
queers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pendrel	PM NOM	eng	eng
blueass	PM NOM	eng	eng
ironmans	PM GEN	eng	eng
brilliantly	AB	eng	eng
adams	PM NOM	eng	eng
6th	RO	eng	eng
author	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coalesce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mechanisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
individuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
devotee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scriptural	JJ POS	eng	eng
beyoncés	PM GEN	eng	eng
pathologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macquarie	PM NOM	eng	eng
concise	JJ POS	eng	eng
surfing	VB ING	eng	eng
dreadful	JJ POS	eng	eng
captured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
animations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
devon	PM NOM	eng	eng
fortify	VB	eng	eng
stipulating	VB ING	eng	eng
thereby	AB	eng	eng
symphonies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
canucks	PM NOM	eng	eng
fairphone	PM NOM	eng	eng
elevators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
needless	JJ POS	eng	eng
catalogs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hurried	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
compensated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
homesick	JJ	eng	eng
unlocks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
instinct	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hallmarks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
climate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disciplining	VB ING	eng	eng
pedestals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
houseman	NN	eng	eng
easycar	PM NOM	eng	eng
convy	PM NOM	eng	eng
oversimplifying	VB ING	eng	eng
phobia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hayden-hoyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
lonestar	PM NOM	eng	eng
starvation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transsexual	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imperfectly	AB	eng	eng
obstructive	JJ POS	eng	eng
pre-understandings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
notified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shannons	PM GEN	eng	eng
constitutionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conciliation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
progresses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inventions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
2-year	JJ POS	eng	eng
descended	VB PAP	eng	eng
sued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
russia's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dissimilarly	AB	eng	eng
caulker	PM NOM	eng	eng
signage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embeddedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anyone's	PN GEN	eng	eng
shortly	AB	eng	eng
methaphoricals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bushfighter	PM NOM	eng	eng
gout	NN UTR SIN IND NOM freq:4	eng	eng
tsunami	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
businesspeople	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
truculent	PM NOM	eng	eng
dubke	PM NOM	eng	eng
externalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
shrimps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quieter	JJ KOM	eng	eng
mcdavid	PM NOM	eng	eng
attempt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dorset	PM NOM	eng	eng
kerridge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
seuss	PM NOM	eng	eng
peacefully	AB	eng	eng
erecting	VB ING	eng	eng
temples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
u-roy	PM NOM	eng	eng
termed	JJ POS	eng	eng
peacekeeping	VB ING	eng	eng
valuation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kenyan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shrinking	JJ POS	eng	eng
exclusionary	JJ POS	eng	eng
bowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unprincipled	JJ	eng	eng
mole's	PM GEN	eng	eng
non-alcoholic	JJ	eng	eng
jerod	PM NOM	eng	eng
perfection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prejudicial	JJ POS	eng	eng
investigative	JJ POS	eng	eng
mccarvilles	PM GEN	eng	eng
blackstar	PM NOM	eng	eng
culpepper	PM NOM	eng	eng
regionalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glimpsed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
coronation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
relegated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
polyester	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
iberian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
geometries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
camaraderie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wilmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
ensor's	PM GEN	eng	eng
clam	NN	eng	eng
realise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ira	PM NOM	eng	eng
bears	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bitches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
notoriously	AB	eng	eng
mean	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
matches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
omitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
long-range	JJ POS	eng	eng
testifying	VB ING	eng	eng
binomial	JJ POS	eng	eng
claw	NN	eng	eng
stillwaggon	PM NOM	eng	eng
generations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nightjar	PM NOM	eng	eng
end-show	NN	eng	eng
moondog	PM NOM	eng	eng
uncles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
altheology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
superfood	NN	eng	eng
dayparting	NN	eng	eng
video	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
first	JJ POS	eng	eng
falsify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
materials	PM NOM	eng	eng
degenerated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
macrostructures	NN PLU	eng	eng
bidwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
spouse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
diagram	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
long-fellow	PM NOM	eng	eng
vanderpumps	PM GEN	eng	eng
figurative	JJ POS	eng	eng
replaying	VB ING	eng	eng
patti	PM NOM	eng	eng
normalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
improvised	VB PAP	eng	eng
composing	VB ING	eng	eng
keegan	PM NOM	eng	eng
sirt1	PM NOM	eng	eng
ejaculatory	JJ	eng	eng
periodically	AB	eng	eng
christie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
alphanumeric	JJ	eng	eng
pacification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elizabethtown	PM NOM	eng	eng
washburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
inordinate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
regulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
telecom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ridley	PM NOM	eng	eng
moral	JJ POS	eng	eng
payroll	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
behest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bestowing	VB ING	eng	eng
practicality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
patron	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
samaritan	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
mcmilllan	PM NOM	eng	eng
beggar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
biobags	PM NOM	eng	eng
endorphins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
morrissey	PM NOM	eng	eng
sponsorships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kernels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amnesiac	JJ POS	eng	eng
short-lived	JJ POS	eng	eng
covey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcpherson	PM NOM	eng	eng
preemptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
puryear	PM NOM	eng	eng
dynasties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plath	PM NOM	eng	eng
downs	PM GEN	eng	eng
pennies	NN	eng	eng
psychopathies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stereotypes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conveniently	AB	eng	eng
layouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dabney	PM NOM	eng	eng
renting	VB ING	eng	eng
dominates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
helvey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
temporality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subserviently	AB	eng	eng
digging	VB ING	eng	eng
mosques	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
arteriosclerosis	NN	eng	eng
albino	NN	eng	eng
sweeps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
eater	NN	eng	eng
elusively	AB	eng	eng
proposing	VB ING	eng	eng
devaluation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
autobiography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maddison	PM NOM	eng	eng
purportedly	AB	eng	eng
penalty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theoretician	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overnight	AB	eng	eng
aren't	VB PRS PLU	eng	eng
argenal	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-inferiority	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foremost	JJ POS	eng	eng
corsican	JJ	eng	eng
magistrates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strife	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
objections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
politicas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woodley	PM NOM	eng	eng
softness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
presidencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
morphologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lockyer	PM NOM	eng	eng
traumatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
wanted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
agrigenetics	NN	eng	eng
manhattan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
alienations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relocates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
proctor's	PM GEN	eng	eng
insufficiency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seventeenth-centuries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rubrics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
permeates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
infertility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aghast	PP	eng	eng
pasting	VB ING	eng	eng
mccarthys	PM GEN	eng	eng
howards	PM GEN	eng	eng
adepts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
isotope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swanseas	PM GEN	eng	eng
starting	VB ING	eng	eng
southafrica	PM NOM	eng	eng
scape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
applicant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hardest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
picked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
outgrowths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insistence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
centrifugal	JJ POS	eng	eng
earnshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
organic	JJ POS	eng	eng
hedging	VB ING	eng	eng
reorganisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sectoral	JJ POS	eng	eng
recitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
haymarket	NN	eng	eng
evans-pritchard's	PM GEN	eng	eng
articulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assessed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
coincident	NN	eng	eng
satisfactory	JJ POS	eng	eng
metalanguages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mayas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
often	AB	eng	eng
recidivism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ewings	PM GEN	eng	eng
my	PN	eng	eng
lowry	PM NOM	eng	eng
moth	NN	eng	eng
deep	JJ POS	eng	eng
ribchester	PM NOM	eng	eng
many	JJ POS	eng	eng
greenbeard	PM NOM	eng	eng
dividends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
a-level	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
speculators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instrumentalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fishermen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stepney	PM NOM	eng	eng
cherryh	PM NOM	eng	eng
severance	NN	eng	eng
potently	AB	eng	eng
brinch	PM NOM	eng	eng
equips	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
standpoints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buddhists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reverends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
illness-related	JJ	eng	eng
far-right	JJ POS	eng	eng
bodily	AB	eng	eng
lowboroughs	PM GEN	eng	eng
excitement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
temperature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theocratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
antibacterials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
croke	PM NOM	eng	eng
domain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
temporally	AB	eng	eng
occupent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
womenwatch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dotrice	PM NOM	eng	eng
radcliff's	PM GEN	eng	eng
barkleys	PM NOM	eng	eng
clients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
murdering	VB	eng	eng
earn	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tangles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
upgrade	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
redistribute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
protesters	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caraone	PM NOM	eng	eng
unpack	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
headhunters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preschoolers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
herefordshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
denying	VB ING	eng	eng
lincoln's	PM GEN	eng	eng
entertains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
micawber	PM NOM	eng	eng
infamously	AB	eng	eng
drawing-room	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seductively	AB	eng	eng
mcgorry	PM NOM	eng	eng
crainer	PM NOM	eng	eng
debris	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
visualised	VB PRT	eng	eng
ignore	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
headship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
directives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anstie	PM NOM	eng	eng
foreigners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counseling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leaford	PM NOM	eng	eng
narrowest	JJ	eng	eng
plunges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
infanticides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
steadies	VB	eng	eng
glocalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
donachie	PM NOM	eng	eng
ham	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
terribly	AB	eng	eng
raver	PM NOM	eng	eng
disappoints	VB	eng	eng
she's	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
heritages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
craven's	PM GEN	eng	eng
straightly	AB	eng	eng
russel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
conrathe	PM NOM	eng	eng
minded	JJ POS	eng	eng
banded	VB	eng	eng
delightfully	AB	eng	eng
elbows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forgiving	VB ING	eng	eng
hydrogen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
georganne	PM NOM	eng	eng
shoreditch	PM NOM	eng	eng
authorizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macisaac	PM NOM	eng	eng
marxist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discontinues	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
auditory	JJ POS	eng	eng
issuance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shampoos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sheep	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sowerwine	PM NOM	eng	eng
paratyphi	NN	eng	eng
telewindow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fragmentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccooey	PM NOM	eng	eng
powerpoints	PM GEN	eng	eng
xstory	PM NOM	eng	eng
shawnice	PM NOM	eng	eng
linda's	PM GEN	eng	eng
supersizers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accustom	VB	eng	eng
ethically	AB	eng	eng
archive	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swinburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
dynamics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
firmest	JJ	eng	eng
process-outcome	NN	eng	eng
whitford	PM NOM	eng	eng
flooded	VB PAP	eng	eng
blue	JJ POS	eng	eng
stylises	VB	eng	eng
breckinridge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
decoy	NN	eng	eng
sultation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
disjointed	JJ POS	eng	eng
pinches	VB	eng	eng
clientele	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intrapreneurs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
barring	VB ING	eng	eng
surgeries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
threatens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
extremity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
miners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bothers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
suprastate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
muirhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
after	PP	eng	eng
sculptural	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'leary	PM NOM	eng	eng
forbidden	JJ POS	eng	eng
man	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bruins	PM NOM	eng	eng
deprives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
blackstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
localised	VB PAP	eng	eng
written	VB PAP	eng	eng
resource-efficient	JJ POS	eng	eng
lightening	NN	eng	eng
comparabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tick-borne	JJ	eng	eng
miserable	JJ POS	eng	eng
warehousing	VB ING	eng	eng
aberration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hey	IN	eng	eng
disagree	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
defective	PM GEN	eng	eng
frequented	JJ POS	eng	eng
managerial	JJ POS	eng	eng
thwarted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
echols	PM NOM	eng	eng
forever	AB	eng	eng
dwight	PM NOM	eng	eng
rescueflow	PM NOM	eng	eng
unaffected	JJ POS	eng	eng
climate-affecting	VB ING	eng	eng
lowered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hospital	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
controls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
badges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abolishing	JJ POS	eng	eng
whyte's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sisterhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
candice	PM NOM	eng	eng
kilfoyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
revolutionise	VB	eng	eng
rush	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shy	JJ POS	eng	eng
bedfordshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
decoration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
life-sustaining	JJ POS	eng	eng
idealization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unmistakable	JJ POS	eng	eng
repealed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
culminate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
parenting	JJ POS	eng	eng
swing	VB ING	eng	eng
ramones	PM NOM	eng	eng
flow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brag	PM NOM	eng	eng
patch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hawkes	PM NOM	eng	eng
thorne's	PM GEN	eng	eng
normal	JJ POS	eng	eng
afresh	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
step-parenting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
companionships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
that	PN	eng	eng
saliva	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breakthrough	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coupland	PM NOM	eng	eng
wheelwrights	PM NOM	eng	eng
predicted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
growth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oblivion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conceptualising	VB ING	eng	eng
carvey	PM NOM	eng	eng
crusade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
substratum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concert	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redefine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
helping	VB ING	eng	eng
person-centred	JJ	eng	eng
avondale	PM NOM	eng	eng
cleanly	AB	eng	eng
federations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
erotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
lifestress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counterproductively	AB	eng	eng
neglecting	VB ING	eng	eng
tall	JJ POS	eng	eng
facsimiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
praises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
templeman	PM NOM	eng	eng
prinston	PM NOM	eng	eng
herndon	PM NOM	eng	eng
progression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
calculated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
systemizing	VB	eng	eng
defender	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modesty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clinicalevidence	NN	eng	eng
isomorphism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monarchies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jane	PM NOM	eng	eng
littoral	PM NOM	eng	eng
counteracted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
culminates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
westinghouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
firm	JJ POS	eng	eng
p-values	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prefrontal	JJ POS	eng	eng
julie	PM NOM	eng	eng
contributions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
specifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cashbringer	PM NOM	eng	eng
warmths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
totality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
populaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sensemaking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spooks	PM NOM	eng	eng
aligned	JJ POS	eng	eng
warning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
administered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lamps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nashs	PM GEN	eng	eng
wasteland	PM NOM	eng	eng
sprue	NN	eng	eng
ecstacy	NN	eng	eng
asheton	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-helping	NN	eng	eng
capricorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
finite	JJ POS	eng	eng
titanfall	PM NOM	eng	eng
destine	NN	eng	eng
categories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
end-point	NN	eng	eng
anti-inflammatory	JJ	eng	eng
chairperson	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hooper	PM NOM	eng	eng
sweep	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
yesno	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
underpaid	JJ	eng	eng
aegean	JJ POS	eng	eng
eaters	NN PLU	eng	eng
preambles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
towards	PP	eng	eng
unsexpected	JJ	eng	eng
messiah	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thunderstruck	PM NOM	eng	eng
ecclesiastically	AB	eng	eng
spearmon	PM NOM	eng	eng
unmarried	JJ POS	eng	eng
shuttlesworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
reckoning	VB ING	eng	eng
rails	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
met	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
landfill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
facsimile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
food	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fulcrum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preponderance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonstate	JJ POS	eng	eng
naturalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wrongly	AB	eng	eng
scanner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brightest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
proportion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adept	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
god's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ramey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
caviar	NN	eng	eng
batchelor	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychopaths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
smollett	PM NOM	eng	eng
crusaders	NN	eng	eng
monster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
controversies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
automated	JJ POS	eng	eng
indies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
borntobesomebody	PM NOM	eng	eng
sleepless	JJ	eng	eng
seegers	PM GEN	eng	eng
categoricalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
garnish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcglynn	PM NOM	eng	eng
generalised	JJ POS	eng	eng
waldie	PM NOM	eng	eng
fertilizers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conclusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bullet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extravagances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mckenzies	PM GEN	eng	eng
comprised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
leachman	PM NOM	eng	eng
bradenton	PM NOM	eng	eng
ecstasy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repulsively	AB	eng	eng
butter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
curiosities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
roller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
judicious	JJ POS	eng	eng
dresses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
secretory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
essentialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equip	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
puffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
witless	JJ	eng	eng
fanboys	PM NOM	eng	eng
jurisdiction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enslavement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tallest	JJ	eng	eng
bronchus-associated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jeweller	NN	eng	eng
unorthodoxly	AB	eng	eng
ewing	PM NOM	eng	eng
unequivocal	JJ POS	eng	eng
childrens	NN PLU GEN	eng	eng
equalised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
foreigner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resellers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lawfully	AB	eng	eng
managed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
converges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
home	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compatible	JJ POS	eng	eng
observer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cost	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wasco	PM NOM	eng	eng
ostensibly	AB	eng	eng
radford	PM NOM	eng	eng
chaltenham's	PM GEN	eng	eng
behaviorism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sociabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outgroups	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
liberalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clienteles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
noam	PM NOM	eng	eng
sultations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instrumentalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hyperthermia	NN	eng	eng
kidwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
12-step	NN	eng	eng
grudge	PM NOM	eng	eng
edwardsville's	PM GEN	eng	eng
self-regard	NN	eng	eng
situating	VB ING	eng	eng
validate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
anorexic	JJ	eng	eng
leakages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dialogs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
canberra	PM NOM	eng	eng
tear	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crackpot	NN	eng	eng
thewlis	PM NOM	eng	eng
longbottom	PM NOM	eng	eng
prioritized	JJ POS	eng	eng
donovan	PM NOM	eng	eng
valence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
severances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mail-order	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
respecting	VB ING	eng	eng
liza	PM NOM	eng	eng
reprises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fared	JJ POS	eng	eng
decrease	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
extending	VB ING	eng	eng
illegitimate	JJ POS	eng	eng
refining	VB ING	eng	eng
unravel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
solidarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
craggy	PM NOM	eng	eng
relating	VB ING	eng	eng
dorseys	PM GEN	eng	eng
invaded	JJ POS	eng	eng
bluefish	PM NOM	eng	eng
homicid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fiercely	AB	eng	eng
programmers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immoralities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thankfully	AB	eng	eng
marxisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appropriately	AB	eng	eng
schooled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ottoman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undeservedly	AB	eng	eng
weaponry	JJ POS	eng	eng
supportively	AB	eng	eng
visually	AB	eng	eng
transplants	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
elbow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dumfries	PM NOM	eng	eng
emerged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
goldmine	NN	eng	eng
gascoigne	PM NOM	eng	eng
volleyball	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peasant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hard	JJ POS	eng	eng
sheeps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retailer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
fans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
directive	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
operationalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
somewhere	AB	eng	eng
quickstpe	NN	eng	eng
emptied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
copeland's	PM GEN	eng	eng
propitiously	AB	eng	eng
rapidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shut	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spinally	AB	eng	eng
networking	VB ING	eng	eng
horizons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gravel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vanguard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spitting	VB ING	eng	eng
entertain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
virtues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
referral	JJ POS	eng	eng
idolatry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
atomic	JJ POS	eng	eng
computed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
micronic	PM NOM	eng	eng
distinct	JJ POS	eng	eng
pelvic	JJ POS	eng	eng
carrie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
silicon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-loathing	NN	eng	eng
conolly	PM NOM	eng	eng
humiliate	VB	eng	eng
launched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ploughing	VB ING	eng	eng
paddleboard	NN	eng	eng
tidies	VB	eng	eng
echolalia	NN	eng	eng
oakley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
objecthood	NN	eng	eng
invalidate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dishonest	JJ POS	eng	eng
georgia	PM NOM	eng	eng
hierarchial	JJ POS	eng	eng
sow	PM NOM	eng	eng
hotspur	PM NOM	eng	eng
eroded	JJ POS	eng	eng
mackenzie	PM NOM	eng	eng
adoptee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kingswood	PM NOM	eng	eng
wining	VB	eng	eng
miner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sentencing	VB ING	eng	eng
strengthen	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
joypeak	PM NOM	eng	eng
andrews	PM NOM	eng	eng
odyssey	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcevily	PM NOM	eng	eng
religiosities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mutineers	NN PLU	eng	eng
midge	PM NOM	eng	eng
classificatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
badge	NN	eng	eng
objection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nominations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attackers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dancer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bounces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rudyard	PM NOM	eng	eng
immensely	AB	eng	eng
theory-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
schechets	PM GEN	eng	eng
signaled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
relay	NN	eng	eng
paranoid	JJ POS	eng	eng
earnest	PM GEN	eng	eng
learmonth	PM NOM	eng	eng
analysis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vis-a-vis	AB	eng	eng
refocussing	VB	eng	eng
disagreements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toxicities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sceptical	JJ POS	eng	eng
respawn	VB	eng	eng
brearley	PM NOM	eng	eng
colgan	PM NOM	eng	eng
swings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
legitimising	VB ING	eng	eng
glooming	VB ING	eng	eng
northup	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-governing	JJ POS	eng	eng
morrisseys	PM GEN	eng	eng
endorphin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
samaritans	NN	eng	eng
woolwich	PM NOM	eng	eng
concentrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
caplan	PM NOM	eng	eng
french	PM NOM	eng	eng
humours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
riverlands	PM GEN	eng	eng
leigh's	PM GEN	eng	eng
interchanging	VB ING	eng	eng
hounslow	PM NOM	eng	eng
mckelvie	PM NOM	eng	eng
polypeptide	NN	eng	eng
midville	PM NOM	eng	eng
contestable	JJ POS	eng	eng
outgrowth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
applicants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mclarty	PM NOM	eng	eng
terrestrial	JJ POS	eng	eng
catalytic	JJ POS	eng	eng
farmers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rediscover	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
privileging	VB ING	eng	eng
scrubbing	NN	eng	eng
shitkids	PM GEN	eng	eng
informants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
friendzone	PM NOM	eng	eng
catalyst	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jigsaw	NN	eng	eng
nationalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mickelborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
carsely	PM NOM	eng	eng
capitalising	VB ING	eng	eng
deepest	JJ KOM	eng	eng
smother	PM NOM	eng	eng
restaurant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recalled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
closet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foreseeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
over	PP	eng	eng
postage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
well-organized	JJ POS	eng	eng
skipjack	NN	eng	eng
mommy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seizures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
punishments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-reported	JJ POS	eng	eng
alarming	VB ING	eng	eng
anarchic	JJ POS	eng	eng
summons	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
strandhills	PM GEN	eng	eng
fearon	PM NOM	eng	eng
expatriate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reasserted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
leavens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bitterer	JJ	eng	eng
furnished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cavalry's	PM GEN	eng	eng
entitle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
goal-oriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
neuropsychological	JJ POS	eng	eng
irrelevances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
delimits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ashlynn	PM NOM	eng	eng
uninvolved	JJ POS	eng	eng
polyesters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lavishly	AB	eng	eng
capetown	PM NOM	eng	eng
above-mentioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
undernutrition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revising	VB ING	eng	eng
stoneybridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
contention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
datas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-directive	JJ POS	eng	eng
cubitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
manual	JJ POS	eng	eng
faircloth	PM NOM	eng	eng
undertow	PM NOM	eng	eng
traveler	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bristow	PM NOM	eng	eng
infants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rethink	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
glorifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
valuations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boredom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conceptualised	JJ POS	eng	eng
imprecisely	AB	eng	eng
empty-chair	NN	eng	eng
keeps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
convinced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
respectabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edict	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ethnographical	JJ POS	eng	eng
toeloop	NN	eng	eng
carnage	PM NOM	eng	eng
canes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
urges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wardle	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcllroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
unarticulated	JJ	eng	eng
sherwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
coad	PM NOM	eng	eng
outlawed	JJ POS	eng	eng
capitol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jeopardizing	VB ING	eng	eng
perfectionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
origine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
forgetting	VB ING	eng	eng
expediencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regarding	VB ING	eng	eng
throes	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sustainable	JJ POS	eng	eng
postings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
materialgirls	PM NOM	eng	eng
fingerprint's	PM GEN	eng	eng
incorporations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commercially	AB	eng	eng
verisure	PM NOM	eng	eng
strategists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meetings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
airey	PM NOM	eng	eng
steenburgen	PM NOM	eng	eng
orchestrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
smirthwaite	PM NOM	eng	eng
marble	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immunological	JJ POS	eng	eng
superfoods	NN PLU	eng	eng
blot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heretic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dundee	PM NOM	eng	eng
donagan	PM NOM	eng	eng
clarke	PM NOM	eng	eng
repton	PM NOM	eng	eng
coexistent	JJ	eng	eng
avatar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
miserably	AB	eng	eng
avoidantly	AB	eng	eng
drop-outs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cliques	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
europe	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcilwaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
analyst's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
inflows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
us-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
crediting	VB	eng	eng
marketization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cyprus	PM NOM	eng	eng
vises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
zosia	PM NOM	eng	eng
reyare	PM NOM	eng	eng
originated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
impulsively	AB	eng	eng
keanes	PM GEN	eng	eng
hellenic	JJ POS	eng	eng
icemakers	PM NOM	eng	eng
philip	PM NOM	eng	eng
culmination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
production	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
temper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
animation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
navigations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
job	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neighborhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
well-informed	JJ POS	eng	eng
areas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcbeal	PM NOM	eng	eng
screwing	VB ING	eng	eng
lighting	VB ING	eng	eng
utilisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
constituents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perversity	NN	eng	eng
whybray	PM NOM	eng	eng
cooks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lung-compliance	NN	eng	eng
africanroots	PM NOM	eng	eng
infancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
linguist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mechanism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fsociety	PM NOM	eng	eng
contraction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stapled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
carleton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
enfranchisement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orchard	PM NOM	eng	eng
unwillingly	AB	eng	eng
conquest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warrant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eschatologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fangirl	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
encouragements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gogglesworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
complemented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
polestars	PM GEN	eng	eng
parade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fawlty	PM NOM	eng	eng
exaggeration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coordinate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tailor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
streaming	VB ING	eng	eng
horny	JJ	eng	eng
blizzard	PM NOM	eng	eng
westline	PM NOM	eng	eng
entitlements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
southerington	PM NOM	eng	eng
missing	VB ING	eng	eng
frakes	PM NOM	eng	eng
absorption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accomplishments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mushrooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loosely	AB	eng	eng
revitalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
calloway	PM NOM	eng	eng
heyward	PM NOM	eng	eng
invention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lloyd	PM NOM	eng	eng
educare	PM NOM	eng	eng
mountings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burbule	PM NOM	eng	eng
iceguys	PM NOM	eng	eng
underutilization	NN	eng	eng
dedications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
demarcated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
whiteside	PM NOM	eng	eng
mocap	NN	eng	eng
whittal	PM NOM	eng	eng
unreflectively	AB	eng	eng
lury	PM NOM	eng	eng
pastime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonjudgmentally	AB	eng	eng
brigit	PM NOM	eng	eng
honeysuckle	NN	eng	eng
dehydration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
queer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
walkerdine	PM NOM	eng	eng
cooled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ceremonially	AB	eng	eng
italy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
kaci	PM NOM	eng	eng
medicalization	NN	eng	eng
electricians	NN PLU	eng	eng
taste	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
violator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transpersonally	AB	eng	eng
parsloe	PM NOM	eng	eng
stimuli	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gadget	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cliché	NN	eng	eng
stabilizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peat	PM NOM	eng	eng
magistracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distaste	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expressionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emotions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
awakening	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
severable	JJ POS	eng	eng
license	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
high-involvement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manstone's	PM GEN	eng	eng
propertied	JJ POS	eng	eng
followed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
onus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adhocracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pickthall	PM NOM	eng	eng
customization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resonating	VB ING	eng	eng
challengers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
automotive	JJ POS	eng	eng
fieldmaple	PM NOM	eng	eng
semistructured	JJ	eng	eng
incursion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
joybells	PM GEN	eng	eng
mostly	AB	eng	eng
full-time	JJ POS	eng	eng
kennington	PM NOM	eng	eng
donating	VB ING	eng	eng
wearers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pertaining	VB ING	eng	eng
ledbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
relearning	VB ING	eng	eng
sunwapta	PM NOM	eng	eng
luther	PM NOM	eng	eng
devons	PM GEN	eng	eng
relevant	JJ POS	eng	eng
taverner	PM NOM	eng	eng
fraternity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adaptations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
need-definition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hegelian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jarrett	PM NOM	eng	eng
reconciling	VB ING	eng	eng
innately	AB	eng	eng
menstruation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undocumented	JJ POS	eng	eng
balls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thatcherisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infectious	JJ POS	eng	eng
primitives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rectangle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gratifying	VB ING	eng	eng
dish's	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
malaise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breakwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
repaid	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
occupational	JJ POS	eng	eng
alpha-adrenergic	JJ	eng	eng
hourly	AB	eng	eng
partnerships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
half	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
seann	PM NOM	eng	eng
honorable	JJ POS	eng	eng
tooltime	NN	eng	eng
mackey	PM NOM	eng	eng
implosions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
twyla	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethicists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
percussion	NN	eng	eng
differentials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
well-controlled	JJ	eng	eng
quinchee	PM NOM	eng	eng
nicest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
dredge	PM NOM	eng	eng
flag	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confiscated	JJ POS	eng	eng
brow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forkman	PM NOM	eng	eng
apparent	JJ POS	eng	eng
departures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brazils	PM GEN	eng	eng
manipulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
damaged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
anti-semitism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breeze	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gracely	PM NOM	eng	eng
licence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
product's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
choudhury	PM NOM	eng	eng
dispositionally	AB	eng	eng
corporeal	JJ POS	eng	eng
stifles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lampwork	NN	eng	eng
desborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
educator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boiler	NN	eng	eng
scrutiny	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-european	JJ POS	eng	eng
ate	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dismantle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mislead	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ant-man	PM NOM	eng	eng
poison	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anticipate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
molding	VB ING	eng	eng
ejaculations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
on-to	PP	eng	eng
quick	JJ POS	eng	eng
achieving	VB ING	eng	eng
cemented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chamber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shotgun	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcmillan	PM NOM	eng	eng
mease	PM NOM	eng	eng
diminutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chaste	JJ POS	eng	eng
structuring	VB ING	eng	eng
videos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nordicexchange	PM NOM	eng	eng
working-age	NN	eng	eng
millwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
pussy	NN	eng	eng
invited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hitec	NN	eng	eng
5-point	NN	eng	eng
nigel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
weaker	JJ KOM	eng	eng
anscombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
emulsion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
denned	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
updates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uncle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supplanting	VB ING	eng	eng
triton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
gerrards	PM GEN	eng	eng
footprint	PM NOM	eng	eng
diasporas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
serb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dual	JJ POS	eng	eng
sensitised	JJ POS	eng	eng
forge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
birdman	PM NOM	eng	eng
impasses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
favoring	VB ING	eng	eng
bursted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dome	NN	eng	eng
morals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hinted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
exposure-based	JJ	eng	eng
metanarratives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
townshed	PM NOM	eng	eng
halliwell's	PM GEN	eng	eng
salaried	JJ POS	eng	eng
coalition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-rem	NN	eng	eng
segraves	PM NOM	eng	eng
answer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scarcities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
races	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accomodation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strawberries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inoculation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allbritton	PM NOM	eng	eng
zegers	PM NOM	eng	eng
byatt	PM NOM	eng	eng
instant	JJ POS	eng	eng
swayed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
quit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
seismic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
temperence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
passages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
branly	PM NOM	eng	eng
preemption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pateman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mckenzie	PM NOM	eng	eng
european's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inter-war	JJ POS	eng	eng
hailey	PM NOM	eng	eng
women	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
christian-muslim	JJ POS	eng	eng
cosmic	JJ POS	eng	eng
innovated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
denigrating	VB ING	eng	eng
inspects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pushed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
austerities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thruway	NN	eng	eng
wealds	PM GEN	eng	eng
revivalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
game	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
staggered	JJ	eng	eng
battlegroup	NN	eng	eng
raked	VB PRT	eng	eng
premiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confidentiality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evermoor	PM NOM	eng	eng
converge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reseller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bathgate	PM NOM	eng	eng
jewellers	NN PLU	eng	eng
subskills	NN PLU	eng	eng
severely	AB	eng	eng
one-way	JJ POS	eng	eng
crusty	PM NOM	eng	eng
underwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
resigns	VB lang:fre	eng	eng
facilitate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mandates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coma	NN UTR NOM	eng	eng
favouring	VB ING	eng	eng
superseding	VB ING	eng	eng
cerebral	JJ POS	eng	eng
slavs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hewittts	PM GEN	eng	eng
species	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
circumscribing	VB ING	eng	eng
arctic	JJ POS	eng	eng
loops	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
embarrassed	JJ POS	eng	eng
gendlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
enriches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
outgroup	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
uplifts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
classy	PM NOM	eng	eng
tributes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
judges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
overweight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
primal	JJ POS	eng	eng
antithesis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
observers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
averted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unproductively	AB	eng	eng
vacantly	AB	eng	eng
shallowness	NN	eng	eng
spam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commandments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parliament's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
help-seekers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-vlcd-group	NN	eng	eng
cum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rowlie	PM NOM	eng	eng
predictable	JJ POS	eng	eng
hamper	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
validates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
erratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
prime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brilliance	NN	eng	eng
templewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
quincey	PM NOM	eng	eng
watercross	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
archiver	NN	eng	eng
coney	PM NOM	eng	eng
mooney	PM NOM	eng	eng
day	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
art's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
premisses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drug-induced	JJ	eng	eng
orderliness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aunty	NN	eng	eng
noematic	JJ POS	eng	eng
lesion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brooklyn's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ralston	PM NOM	eng	eng
early	JJ POS	eng	eng
medium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
patrol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preliminary	JJ POS	eng	eng
patterson	PM NOM	eng	eng
hysterical	JJ POS	eng	eng
bayhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
scorch	NN	eng	eng
populace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ritchie	PM NOM	eng	eng
miami	PM NOM	eng	eng
uncontaminated	JJ	eng	eng
long-held	JJ	eng	eng
market-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
top-notch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
command	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rallies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
labors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
struggling	VB ING	eng	eng
seabirds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eldest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
monitor	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kiersey	PM NOM	eng	eng
obsessions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ratios	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
withworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
unchanging	VB ING	eng	eng
preamble	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tenacious	JJ	eng	eng
comprehending	VB ING	eng	eng
one's	RO	eng	eng
renshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
footages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
symptomatology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
invocations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
straighten	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sophistication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chill	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
celerity	NN	eng	eng
fice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
messenger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psycho-analysis	NN	eng	eng
confabulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wiseguides	PM GEN	eng	eng
henson	PM NOM	eng	eng
britains	PM GEN	eng	eng
defensively	AB	eng	eng
magnet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suspicion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
betterments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slipped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
axon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
withhold	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
creased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
landfills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indian	PM NOM	eng	eng
dugs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
affairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
predicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sightseeing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deliciously	AB	eng	eng
fawcetts	PM GEN	eng	eng
augmenting	VB ING	eng	eng
turnings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
endocrinology	NN	eng	eng
mcmullen	PM NOM	eng	eng
cursing	VB ING	eng	eng
prearranged	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tranquilizers	NN PLU	eng	eng
polarized	JJ POS	eng	eng
yahoo's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stupidities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reassurances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pretending	VB ING	eng	eng
constituencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
normalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
oncology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grouth	PM NOM	eng	eng
soups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anonymity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advertisments	NN PLU	eng	eng
untying	VB ING	eng	eng
four-yearly	AB	eng	eng
castellow	PM NOM	eng	eng
quests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
verged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
moyston	PM NOM	eng	eng
eschatologically	AB	eng	eng
incomprehensible	JJ POS	eng	eng
summeroflove	PM NOM	eng	eng
conditioning	VB ING	eng	eng
loving	VB ING	eng	eng
strategies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preludes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
authorities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appalling	JJ POS	eng	eng
munich	PM NOM	eng	eng
liberty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
too	AB	eng	eng
constructs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
waterhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
easytowin	PM NOM	eng	eng
vicariously	AB	eng	eng
newyorkers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
condom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
generalizable	JJ POS	eng	eng
attacker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hyams	PM NOM	eng	eng
conglomerate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
birkdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
complicit	JJ	eng	eng
coating	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commercialisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
brainstem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disquiet	JJ POS	eng	eng
quantifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fibrocystic	JJ POS	eng	eng
viciously	AB	eng	eng
curbs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
comorbidities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
necessary	JJ POS	eng	eng
recess	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
catalysts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edifices	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
newborns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
norman	JJ POS	eng	eng
aha	IN	eng	eng
eschewed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
kirkham	PM NOM	eng	eng
medgar	PM NOM	eng	eng
grandchildren	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
royal	JJ POS	eng	eng
cargine	PM NOM	eng	eng
exclusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lacans	PM GEN	eng	eng
standardization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
executively	AB	eng	eng
kingdom's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
rapports	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bruckshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
nannie	NN	eng	eng
egg	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maccoby	PM NOM	eng	eng
mykayla	PM NOM	eng	eng
ascribing	VB ING	eng	eng
courses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
improved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
functional	JJ POS	eng	eng
reverted	JJ POS	eng	eng
wirral	PM NOM	eng	eng
pitiable	JJ POS	eng	eng
rafted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jailbird	PM NOM	eng	eng
slash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
niceness	NN	eng	eng
rumors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adumbrated	JJ	eng	eng
egghead	NN	eng	eng
educatively	AB	eng	eng
brian	PM NOM	eng	eng
hisher	JJ KOM	eng	eng
unsteady	JJ	eng	eng
fore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concreteness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neuropharmecology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bench	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decreases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lubrication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skytrain	NN	eng	eng
tolerable	JJ POS	eng	eng
housemates	NN PLU	eng	eng
accomplices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crystals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maughan	PM NOM	eng	eng
cracks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
productivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reatha	PM NOM	eng	eng
myra	PM NOM	eng	eng
increasing	VB ING	eng	eng
handout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exploited	JJ POS	eng	eng
rabbits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
offray	PM NOM	eng	eng
infidelity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cawson	PM NOM	eng	eng
merciful	JJ	eng	eng
harmonisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decisively	AB	eng	eng
decency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goddard's	PM GEN	eng	eng
formulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bipolar	JJ POS	eng	eng
west	AB	eng	eng
decorative	JJ POS	eng	eng
pearsall	PM NOM	eng	eng
mulberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
dangerfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
stabilizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
autocratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
deamon	PM NOM	eng	eng
neuronally	AB	eng	eng
antisocial	JJ POS	eng	eng
teenie	NN	eng	eng
applicable	JJ POS	eng	eng
lanie	PM NOM	eng	eng
embryo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conditionalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
block	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gobaby	IN	eng	eng
cates	PM GEN	eng	eng
epidemiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
blaze	PM NOM	eng	eng
unmoved	JJ	eng	eng
referrals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
criticised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
deferred	JJ POS	eng	eng
joan	PM NOM	eng	eng
countrygirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
spallation	PM NOM	eng	eng
apathetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
chains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vanguards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
garnett	PM NOM	eng	eng
antiquarian	NN	eng	eng
howson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
refuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bordering	VB ING	eng	eng
leah	PM NOM	eng	eng
well-established	JJ POS	eng	eng
ocork	PM NOM	eng	eng
around	PP	eng	eng
suited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cropley	PM NOM	eng	eng
vietnamese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
summarised	VB PAP	eng	eng
angels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
turmoils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cranes	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcclung	PM NOM	eng	eng
objectified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lakes	PM NOM	eng	eng
moderators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refreezing	VB	eng	eng
outcrop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outputs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reasonably	AB	eng	eng
equate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
skinfold	VB	eng	eng
explanatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
barn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
humber	PM NOM	eng	eng
sacrosanct	JJ POS	eng	eng
employer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
o'mara	PM NOM	eng	eng
clips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lyne	PM NOM	eng	eng
authorize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
conquests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leithwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
drawer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stranded	VB PAP	eng	eng
cautioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
mckendrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
hinchliffe	PM NOM	eng	eng
linguists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
treatment-resistant	JJ	eng	eng
outpost	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
walsalls	PM GEN	eng	eng
trains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carried	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tax-venefit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pro-feminism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
purplish	JJ	eng	eng
shaquille	PM NOM	eng	eng
performer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bazaars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kicked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ah	IN	eng	eng
drought	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brokering	VB ING	eng	eng
kathie	PM NOM	eng	eng
hardline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mushroom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
told	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mounting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undergoes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
broadcloth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diminished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
garnering	VB ING	eng	eng
socializing	VB ING	eng	eng
publications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
demonbaby	PM NOM	eng	eng
barnshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
polestar	PM NOM	eng	eng
congressman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jett's	PM GEN	eng	eng
barons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
homogenization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inspires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
feast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
violators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
provocations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stolen	VB PAP	eng	eng
included	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
consulted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
attitudinally	AB	eng	eng
sub-cortically	AB	eng	eng
distortedly	AB	eng	eng
leadership	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitaker's	PM GEN	eng	eng
braxton	PM NOM	eng	eng
demonstrably	AB	eng	eng
help-seekings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
immaterially	AB	eng	eng
mindscapes	NN PLU	eng	eng
epitomized	VB PRT	eng	eng
connoting	VB ING	eng	eng
trespasser	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-centered	JJ POS	eng	eng
cafeterias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nylon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beat	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
biopsychological	JJ	eng	eng
homologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boldrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
newroz	PM NOM	eng	eng
well-specified	JJ	eng	eng
helpman	NN	eng	eng
finds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
darker	JJ KOM	eng	eng
bookstores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undertaker	NN	eng	eng
incidental	JJ POS	eng	eng
lagoon	NN	eng	eng
pyatt	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
social-communicative	JJ POS	eng	eng
prioritises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gatekeepers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mamas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ingrained	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
whithall	PM NOM	eng	eng
wholesomely	AB	eng	eng
radar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accelerates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
irreverent	JJ POS	eng	eng
derogated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mother-tongue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
haythrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
u2	PM NOM	eng	eng
imitative	JJ POS	eng	eng
eastbourne	PM NOM	eng	eng
goldfinger	PM NOM	eng	eng
bow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
annihilations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
envisioning	VB ING	eng	eng
travelers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shade	NN	eng	eng
ourselves	PN	eng	eng
layering	VB ING	eng	eng
ascriptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
macro	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chanted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
requested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
extraditions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resorting	VB ING	eng	eng
diversifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
collard	PM NOM	eng	eng
emphasizing	VB ING	eng	eng
fitzgerald	PM NOM	eng	eng
fats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abdications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
canyons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supervisor's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
quinn	PM NOM	eng	eng
portland	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-aesthetic	JJ	eng	eng
losing	VB ING	eng	eng
barracks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
programed	VB PRT	eng	eng
drop-out	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dunsford	PM NOM	eng	eng
herbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shallowly	AB	eng	eng
regressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kuhn's	PM GEN	eng	eng
quote	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
glared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
direction-specific	JJ POS	eng	eng
handedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
woodfin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
recipiency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
asleep	AB	eng	eng
transmitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lebanese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
educators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vomiting	VB ING	eng	eng
battlefront	PM NOM	eng	eng
stainthorpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
heracles	PM NOM	eng	eng
reays	PM GEN	eng	eng
aerobics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
presenting	VB ING	eng	eng
self-states	NN	eng	eng
retrospective	JJ POS	eng	eng
reddaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
utterances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ladbrokes	PM NOM	eng	eng
perseverances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
touched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
footing	VB ING	eng	eng
perioperative	JJ	eng	eng
recapture	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fought	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
postmodernist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
filigree	NN	eng	eng
plot	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rectified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
huff	PM NOM	eng	eng
hay	PM NOM	eng	eng
publishing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reverses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
killing	VB ING	eng	eng
misconduct	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
characterizing	VB ING	eng	eng
sticky	JJ POS	eng	eng
latin	JJ POS	eng	eng
delury	PM NOM	eng	eng
caporaso	PM NOM	eng	eng
damper	JJ	eng	eng
acres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breathtaking	VB ING	eng	eng
instruction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
piracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ultrasound	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
community	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
encode	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
adoptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
midwestern	JJ POS	eng	eng
hemodynamic	JJ	eng	eng
overstated	JJ POS	eng	eng
creativities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
importances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
authentically	AB	eng	eng
beywheelz	PM NOM	eng	eng
hampstead	PM NOM	eng	eng
tell	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
slurry	JJ POS	eng	eng
diaspora	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
torsos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tearful	JJ	eng	eng
gloucestershire	PM NOM	eng	eng
symbolise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
afro-american	JJ POS	eng	eng
assuredly	AB	eng	eng
acculturations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phosphates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
post-industrial	JJ POS	eng	eng
emulsions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reflecting	VB ING	eng	eng
imbued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
marilynne	PM NOM	eng	eng
caravan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nethouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
thresh	NN	eng	eng
elphinston	PM NOM	eng	eng
visitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adversity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
back-to-back	JJ	eng	eng
weekley	PM NOM	eng	eng
turnage	PM NOM	eng	eng
theology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bolstering	VB ING	eng	eng
tunes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spivey	PM NOM	eng	eng
insignificant	JJ POS	eng	eng
turquoise	PM NOM	eng	eng
role-stereotyping	NN	eng	eng
ethnographics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
surgeons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
privatized	JJ POS	eng	eng
city-state	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fending	VB ING	eng	eng
constructionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
statistical	JJ POS	eng	eng
bershawn	PM NOM	eng	eng
coloured	JJ POS	eng	eng
currency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lasswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
grease	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reidy	PM NOM	eng	eng
naturalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
assimilations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amitriptyline	NN	eng	eng
civilization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modally	AB	eng	eng
distastes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maize	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
earring	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
specialise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
principal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coerces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
frocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breaking	VB ING	eng	eng
lowriders	NN	eng	eng
lions	PM NOM	eng	eng
shoreham	PM NOM	eng	eng
redistributively	AB	eng	eng
tolerances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hugs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revisionis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reengineering	VB ING	eng	eng
charleen	PM NOM	eng	eng
hopwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
ordinance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transporting	VB ING	eng	eng
coherence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
open-endedly	AB	eng	eng
non-conventional	JJ POS	eng	eng
onefootball	PM NOM	eng	eng
offered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
brunson	PM NOM	eng	eng
heartmind	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advantaged	JJ POS	eng	eng
greatly	AB	eng	eng
cinnabon	PM NOM	eng	eng
celestially	AB	eng	eng
kingsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
print	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
vital	JJ POS	eng	eng
passing	VB ING	eng	eng
dandies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
happenings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cardiorespiratory	JJ	eng	eng
kenneth	PM NOM	eng	eng
purification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
normalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accommodated	JJ POS	eng	eng
inflight	NN	eng	eng
disrupting	VB ING	eng	eng
golf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jerseylicious	JJ	eng	eng
does	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
arranging	VB ING	eng	eng
homemade	JJ	eng	eng
shipyard	NN	eng	eng
peeles	PM GEN	eng	eng
dilemmas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
effected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hymn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
symbolically	AB	eng	eng
spice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
particularities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
constructed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
north-central	JJ POS	eng	eng
plantations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
belonging	VB ING	eng	eng
cerritos	PM NOM	eng	eng
men	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
erwitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
proprieties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ethicist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
generalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
swedfone	PM NOM	eng	eng
voluminous	JJ POS	eng	eng
surmise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
motorcar	PM NOM	eng	eng
impinges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
globalised	JJ POS	eng	eng
pediatrics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
raisin	NN	eng	eng
alleges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
desegregation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insistently	AB	eng	eng
self-healing	JJ POS	eng	eng
burke's	PM GEN	eng	eng
vaginally	AB	eng	eng
figuration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
frones	PM NOM	eng	eng
marshmallows	NN	eng	eng
storybrooke	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
university-sponsored	JJ POS	eng	eng
happening	VB ING	eng	eng
retraining	VB ING	eng	eng
mathgamer	PM NOM	eng	eng
siohvaughn	PM NOM	eng	eng
ambivalence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dating	VB ING	eng	eng
merchandised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
heery	PM NOM	eng	eng
insist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
distant	JJ POS	eng	eng
cunningly	AB	eng	eng
technolgy	NN spell	eng	eng
acetylsalicylic	JJ	eng	eng
hold	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
disseminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evaporated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
enumeration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coherences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transactions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ordinances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sartorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
persistences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
privity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
songbook	NN	eng	eng
enrichment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
washer	NN	eng	eng
train	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shallower	JJ	eng	eng
pavlovian	JJ POS	eng	eng
tolerance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bootycall	NN	eng	eng
checkout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caitlyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
englewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
malign	JJ POS	eng	eng
geocaching	NN	eng	eng
sharkageddon	PM NOM	eng	eng
high-rise	JJ POS	eng	eng
foodmark	PM NOM	eng	eng
principals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
granville	PM NOM	eng	eng
axis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
endowed	JJ POS	eng	eng
snedeker	PM NOM	eng	eng
joies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
searchlight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
globally	AB	eng	eng
kettleburgh	PM NOM	eng	eng
horwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
compartmentalization	NN	eng	eng
assistances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
baron	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wilshere	PM NOM	eng	eng
compel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
social-cognition	NN	eng	eng
subsists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
repent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pediatric	JJ POS	eng	eng
spatiotemporal	JJ POS	eng	eng
elite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
family's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
sighed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fanciful	JJ POS	eng	eng
langdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
dispelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcnair	PM NOM	eng	eng
lyth	PM NOM	eng	eng
explanations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
markham	PM NOM	eng	eng
belongings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
championship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
triggers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
low-fat	JJ POS	eng	eng
objectification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meads	PM NOM	eng	eng
nylons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
centrality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unnumbered	JJ POS	eng	eng
completing	VB ING	eng	eng
rhetorical	JJ POS	eng	eng
feasts	NN PLU	eng	eng
repaired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
seas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
happinesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ashforth	PM NOM	eng	eng
redford	PM NOM	eng	eng
service	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
policymakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
simulated	JJ POS	eng	eng
orients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
underwater	JJ POS	eng	eng
productive	JJ POS	eng	eng
deliverables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
presslie	PM NOM	eng	eng
ostentatiously	AB	eng	eng
gees	PM GEN	eng	eng
newspeople	PM NOM	eng	eng
gaullists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
palfrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
gourlay	PM NOM	eng	eng
tourney	PM NOM	eng	eng
shaken	VB PAP	eng	eng
vindicating	VB ING	eng	eng
difficulty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
starkey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
goats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bizarre	JJ POS	eng	eng
split-off	NN	eng	eng
courages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
arrived	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
three-year	JJ POS	eng	eng
ugliest	JJ	eng	eng
crack-cocaine	NN	eng	eng
propagating	VB ING	eng	eng
clinical	JJ POS	eng	eng
eyez	PM NOM	eng	eng
recaptures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bodymind	NN	eng	eng
chowdhury	PM NOM	eng	eng
dawes	PM NOM	eng	eng
sin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lazenby	PM NOM	eng	eng
shades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
utterance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
connor's	PM GEN	eng	eng
admitting	VB ING	eng	eng
itv	PM NOM	eng	eng
controllers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
radars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strome	PM NOM	eng	eng
sycamore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
helmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
pervert	NN	eng	eng
catholicism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burnie	PM NOM	eng	eng
popularity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shovels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dorsally	AB	eng	eng
intimidations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heredity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
absorptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
popkey	PM NOM	eng	eng
palmer	PM NOM	eng	eng
pears	PM NOM	eng	eng
again	AB	eng	eng
laments	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
macros	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tecce	PM NOM	eng	eng
forester	PM NOM	eng	eng
ardent	JJ POS	eng	eng
pitches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fenimore	PM NOM	eng	eng
reification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
illustrative	JJ POS	eng	eng
frantic	JJ POS	eng	eng
instantiated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nutbeam	PM NOM	eng	eng
quotes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
court's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
neave	PM NOM	eng	eng
biography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deconnection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
biffy	PM NOM	eng	eng
incurred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subacute	JJ POS	eng	eng
fringe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decisionmaking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phosphate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
octowood	NN	eng	eng
fishery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vapours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
symbolises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
daughter's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
bit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concurs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
familyenvironments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
materialize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
self-conception	NN	eng	eng
overcivilization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faking	VB ING	eng	eng
root	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consumerisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
europeanisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
babywatch	NN	eng	eng
provenances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
qualifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hereditary	JJ POS	eng	eng
compatibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
opengl	PM NOM	eng	eng
trickled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
willpower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
duckpond	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delinquent	JJ POS	eng	eng
realizes	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
doughty	PM NOM	eng	eng
stabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
versus	AB	eng	eng
glamorous	JJ POS	eng	eng
polite	JJ POS	eng	eng
constructionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heavily	AB	eng	eng
maith	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exponentially	AB	eng	eng
decline	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bookstore	NN	eng	eng
embarrass	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
archie	PM NOM	eng	eng
priest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intrinsic	JJ POS	eng	eng
other-world	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sharkey	PM NOM	eng	eng
aquatic	JJ	eng	eng
leadsom	PM NOM	eng	eng
allude	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
municipal	JJ POS	eng	eng
ceramic	JJ POS	eng	eng
redemptively	AB	eng	eng
material	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
laboratory	NN	eng	eng
whittaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
schoolpopulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
butcher	PM NOM	eng	eng
unilateralism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antithetical	JJ POS	eng	eng
roadscanner	NN	eng	eng
territorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
coway	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-determination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
torso	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bodyofproof	PM NOM	eng	eng
fairness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
samsonite	PM NOM	eng	eng
regulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
distress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
idling	VB	eng	eng
remount	VB	eng	eng
coffield	PM NOM	eng	eng
52nd	JJ POS	eng	eng
saviors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thumbprint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
traill	PM NOM	eng	eng
pulvinar	JJ POS	eng	eng
carplay	PM NOM	eng	eng
dogtooth	PM NOM	eng	eng
frontiersman	JJ 	eng	eng
grab	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
frock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preeminent	JJ POS	eng	eng
whatsapp	PM NOM	eng	eng
pulleys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dismissing	VB ING	eng	eng
performers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shooter	NN	eng	eng
well-defined	JJ POS	eng	eng
coalesces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
herd	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transplantation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conflictual	JJ POS	eng	eng
degales	PM GEN	eng	eng
terrifying	JJ POS	eng	eng
kelsea	PM NOM	eng	eng
authorizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
faculties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elevator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quentin	PM NOM	eng	eng
adventureland	PM NOM	eng	eng
prints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
microfinance	vb	eng	eng
reformulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
oldsbye	PM NOM	eng	eng
boatright	PM NOM	eng	eng
deepens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
moderator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unquestionably	AB	eng	eng
waney	PM NOM	eng	eng
social-behavioral	JJ	eng	eng
peele	PM NOM	eng	eng
stripping	VB ING	eng	eng
cafeteria	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
locate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quality-adjusted	JJ	eng	eng
newsdesk	NN	eng	eng
specters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mindscape	NN	eng	eng
tensions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
animal's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
congo's	PM GEN	eng	eng
impelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
arguing	VB ING	eng	eng
expressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
locking	VB ING	eng	eng
panic-free	JJ	eng	eng
nor	KN	eng	eng
pedestal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instincts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jewish	PM NOM	eng	eng
prefering	VB ING	eng	eng
hallmark	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outsides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
masculinist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
learning	VB ING	eng	eng
leftists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
futile	JJ POS	eng	eng
refrigerators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backlash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sociology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sustained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subcutaneously	AB	eng	eng
parasuicide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inscribed	JJ POS	eng	eng
blended	JJ POS	eng	eng
ammunitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
butterfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
sleeves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contemporaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yewish	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoolbrok	PM NOM	eng	eng
efficacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wrap	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcgrory	PM NOM	eng	eng
befriending	VB ING	eng	eng
metacommunications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reprinting	VB ING	eng	eng
spicers	PM GEN	eng	eng
sidwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
determinisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
negotiable	JJ POS	eng	eng
conserving	VB ING	eng	eng
appleyard	PM NOM	eng	eng
stabilize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
modernly	AB	eng	eng
channeled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lazier	JJ	eng	eng
underpinning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
socioeconomic	JJ POS	eng	eng
succeeded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stumbling	VB ING	eng	eng
advances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
secretary's	NN	eng	eng
harvester's	PM GEN	eng	eng
womens	NN PLU GEN	eng	eng
admap	PM NOM	eng	eng
criticality	NN	eng	eng
delineating	VB ING	eng	eng
pin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canimals	PM NOM	eng	eng
buddhist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
father	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reverend	NN	eng	eng
proscribed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
built-in	JJ POS	eng	eng
far	JJ POS	eng	eng
undergone	VB PAP	eng	eng
dividend	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
circularly	AB	eng	eng
cecil's	PM GEN	eng	eng
don't	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
emulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supervisings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
richman	PM NOM	eng	eng
diligent	JJ POS	eng	eng
undercurrents	NN	eng	eng
diss	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
possessively	AB	eng	eng
furness	PM NOM	eng	eng
taliban	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lethbridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
sowed	VB PRT	eng	eng
curd	NN	eng	eng
drill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tubes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
willful	JJ POS	eng	eng
tangent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overspent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reunited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
telephoned	VB PRT	eng	eng
intelligently	AB	eng	eng
youniverse	PM NOM	eng	eng
judge	PM NOM	eng	eng
claye	PM NOM	eng	eng
sears	PM NOM	eng	eng
tamed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
illustrating	VB ING	eng	eng
remark	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
brigham	PM NOM	eng	eng
salvadoran	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unnational	JJ POS	eng	eng
vascular	JJ POS	eng	eng
insurmountable	JJ POS	eng	eng
impaired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hayward	PM NOM	eng	eng
primes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diamond	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
girlz	NN	eng	eng
antidepressant-induced	JJ	eng	eng
canonically	AB	eng	eng
runnings	NN	eng	eng
contested	JJ POS	eng	eng
6-week	NN	eng	eng
beyond	PP	eng	eng
delinquency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chimpanzees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
longly	AB	eng	eng
stereotypical	JJ POS	eng	eng
insure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
labor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
statisticians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
views	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ingelby	PM NOM	eng	eng
ratio	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
midlers	PM GEN	eng	eng
unstressed	JJ	eng	eng
ultron	PM NOM	eng	eng
pogany	PM NOM	eng	eng
granularity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
functionalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
etrian	PM NOM	eng	eng
laws	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
treasuries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cooley	PM NOM	eng	eng
unrealistically	AB	eng	eng
firearm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
devolutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obstructing	VB ING	eng	eng
researchers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
highway	PM NOM	eng	eng
chills	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
biblically	AB	eng	eng
auctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
politica	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
curriculums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detroit	PM NOM	eng	eng
subverting	VB ING	eng	eng
newyorker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surpass	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
construct	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
batch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unionization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theory-building	VB ING	eng	eng
sicknesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emigrating	VB ING	eng	eng
pembroke	PM NOM	eng	eng
oligarchy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enterprise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
banishment	NN	eng	eng
infrastructural	JJ POS	eng	eng
merridale	PM NOM	eng	eng
deserves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
internalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
reinforcer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ambiguities	JJ POS	eng	eng
dominate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
attenuated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
graduated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mechanization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
filled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
competing	VB ING	eng	eng
enrich	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
peas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jeffrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
enlightenments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relocate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
brooms	PM NOM	eng	eng
poets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
astonishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dynamite	NN	eng	eng
self-recognition	NN	eng	eng
austen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
empathy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
circularity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marketmakers	NN PLU	eng	eng
pearsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
celery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aaron's	PM GEN	eng	eng
damien's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bilingual	JJ POS	eng	eng
booming	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confirmatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
wedgwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
babage	PM NOM	eng	eng
ninet	PM NOM	eng	eng
exclusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parole	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amassed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
clockwise	AB	eng	eng
cetuximab	PM NOM	eng	eng
permeate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wisocky	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccarthy	PM NOM	eng	eng
memberships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multivariate	JJ POS	eng	eng
indifference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
temperament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shigley	PM NOM	eng	eng
wonderful	JJ POS	eng	eng
negotiator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
automata	NN	eng	eng
critically	AB	eng	eng
wiseguide	PM NOM	eng	eng
calorimetry	NN	eng	eng
messengers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pitchers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hospitals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
millionaires	NN PLU	eng	eng
beta	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
speakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mustn't	PM NOM FREQ:3	eng	eng
quest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disagrees	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lowndes	PM NOM	eng	eng
instinctually	AB	eng	eng
underestimations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
single-loop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multiculturally	AB	eng	eng
upnose	PM NOM	eng	eng
mothers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
absorbing	VB ING	eng	eng
excludes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
concordance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dialects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clowning	NN	eng	eng
obsession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fifties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wound	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
falsification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
staging	VB ING	eng	eng
peterboro	PM NOM	eng	eng
dualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conjuncture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poached	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
drains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
halcyon	NN	eng	eng
pioneered	JJ POS	eng	eng
alison	PM NOM	eng	eng
peter	PM NOM	eng	eng
colville	PM NOM	eng	eng
renovations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moseley	PM NOM	eng	eng
continual	JJ POS	eng	eng
royals	PM NOM	eng	eng
menaul	PM NOM	eng	eng
oblivions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resourcefully	AB	eng	eng
lacan	PM NOM	eng	eng
forwards	AB	eng	eng
chatterly	PM NOM	eng	eng
headers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
normalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
therapist-led	JJ	eng	eng
internalised	VB PAP	eng	eng
its	PN	eng	eng
citrus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
correct	JJ POS	eng	eng
hating	VB	eng	eng
veins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
additively	AB	eng	eng
waiter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defenders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resplendent	JJ	eng	eng
whybark	PM NOM	eng	eng
rumor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consequenses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reexamination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slashs	PM GEN	eng	eng
francas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
predicate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harmed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pennington	PM NOM	eng	eng
subjugated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
redefines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hasn	VB	eng	eng
approachable	JJ	eng	eng
develop	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
zorrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
suspicions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tizard	PM NOM	eng	eng
memoranda	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heritage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unthought	JJ	eng	eng
ridgley	PM NOM	eng	eng
crack	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
griswolds	PM GEN	eng	eng
eternities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
erroneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
lazy	JJ POS	eng	eng
springsfields	PM NOM	eng	eng
supremacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
away	AB	eng	eng
drug	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mckennis	PM NOM	eng	eng
recalcitrants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gipsy	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcclanahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
propel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
green's	PM GEN	eng	eng
soliciting	VB ING	eng	eng
newly	AB	eng	eng
purging	VB ING	eng	eng
lucks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
baldly	AB	eng	eng
mildly	AB	eng	eng
record	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wraithen	NN	eng	eng
dowries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woolford	PM NOM	eng	eng
bakery	NN SIN	eng	eng
sympathized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
proximally	AB	eng	eng
ads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minimalized	VB PRT	eng	eng
taffin	PM NOM	eng	eng
issuances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pundit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interrogates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
developments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
excessively	AB	eng	eng
co-operation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
northeast	PM GEN	eng	eng
insofar	AB	eng	eng
hydrogens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sequels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-identifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wigglesworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
maximisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nationhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gentoo	NN	eng	eng
recesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undressed	VB	eng	eng
patriarchal	JJ POS	eng	eng
chain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
threaten	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
crude	JJ POS	eng	eng
stylize	VB	eng	eng
ancillary	JJ POS	eng	eng
behaviorally	AB	eng	eng
buntain	PM NOM	eng	eng
sharpened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
repelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bargained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
selfconfidence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blocks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
accent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supervisors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fortification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accustoms	VB HSI	eng	eng
23rd	RG NOM	eng	eng
syncretisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nakedly	AB	eng	eng
observe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
worried	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
refrains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
conformities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crane	PM NOM	eng	eng
twenty-seven	RG	eng	eng
lives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hostilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
generic	JJ POS	eng	eng
perverse	JJ POS	eng	eng
murderously	AB	eng	eng
ceremony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
allaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
muirheads	PM GEN	eng	eng
donnaghey	PM NOM	eng	eng
formative	JJ POS	eng	eng
imprinting	VB ING	eng	eng
angel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tv	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adrenal	JJ POS	eng	eng
bells	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penguins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
empowerments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elimination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hub	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bridgers	PM GEN	eng	eng
curricular	JJ POS	eng	eng
shameless	JJ	eng	eng
nihilisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gaithers	PM GEN	eng	eng
bottomlines	NN PLU	eng	eng
installs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nonpartisan	NN	eng	eng
preset	VB	eng	eng
peculiar	JJ POS	eng	eng
appointments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
assemblage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refusal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
handwriting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redefined	JJ POS	eng	eng
group-workings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ivanhoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
lifeworld	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wynona	PM NOM	eng	eng
here-and-now-theme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
complainers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
makins	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
naturalness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worsteds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aiding	VB ING	eng	eng
corruptly	AB	eng	eng
eastwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
extracts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contraventions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reformulating	VB ING	eng	eng
agreements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
she'd	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
backstage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plants	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
televised	VB PAP	eng	eng
long	JJ POS	eng	eng
reviewers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disagreed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
overconceptualisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orford's	PM GEN	eng	eng
skipping	VB ING	eng	eng
harvesters	PM GEN	eng	eng
biscuit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
affordances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
body's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
astronomically	AB	eng	eng
reekie	PM NOM	eng	eng
howe	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychophysically	AB	eng	eng
gears	PM NOM	eng	eng
curators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compensation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apathy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
privatisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aborigines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fermentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roared	VB PRT	eng	eng
unitary	JJ POS	eng	eng
abscesses	NN PLU	eng	eng
opted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
combination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aversively	AB	eng	eng
wattles	PM NOM	eng	eng
arbitrariness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
negate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
practically	AB	eng	eng
streeps	PM GEN	eng	eng
practising	VB ING	eng	eng
snapshot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jailhouse	NN	eng	eng
refinements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
saylor's	PM GEN	eng	eng
awe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cares	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
nypd	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccallum	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccoys	PM GEN	eng	eng
feathers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldeneye	PM NOM	eng	eng
masterglide	PM NOM	eng	eng
walkinshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
watford	PM NOM	eng	eng
nourishment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repeating	VB ING	eng	eng
widower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moran's	PM GEN	eng	eng
drawed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
incitement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infor	PP	eng	eng
dialling	VB ING	eng	eng
tidally	AB	eng	eng
closes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
consenses	NN	eng	eng
transparently	AB	eng	eng
gotten	VB PAP	eng	eng
priority	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eustress	NN	eng	eng
lineup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postal	JJ POS	eng	eng
authored	JJ POS	eng	eng
dweck	PM NOM	eng	eng
ardley	PM NOM	eng	eng
underlaying	VB ING	eng	eng
writer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
orientate	VB	eng	eng
allen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
underclasses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pigs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
referentially	AB	eng	eng
empower	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
synchronies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
degeneration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
esteems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tooth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pragmatism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fairs	NN	eng	eng
opposite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fitbay	PM NOM	eng	eng
droits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conflictedly	AB	eng	eng
electrics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kurtwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
salaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appoint	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
commonwealths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
successful	JJ POS	eng	eng
volitionally	AB	eng	eng
pruett	PM NOM	eng	eng
blood-glucose	NN	eng	eng
inequitable	JJ POS	eng	eng
beset	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
absenteeism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inglorious	JJ	eng	eng
globalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
critic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
specifiable	JJ	eng	eng
adrenocorticotrophine	NN	eng	eng
cartledge	PM NOM	eng	eng
defusing	VB ING	eng	eng
bascombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
meadows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
positionality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weeffect	PM NOM	eng	eng
visualize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
creatively	AB	eng	eng
birchard	PM NOM	eng	eng
enthusiasm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modern	JJ POS	eng	eng
wellcome	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
perfect	JJ POS	eng	eng
pollution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oxide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carver	PM NOM	eng	eng
all-powerful	JJ POS	eng	eng
artery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redrafted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
climbs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gleeson	PM NOM	eng	eng
claptons	PM GEN	eng	eng
torn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dundalk	PM NOM	eng	eng
elderly	JJ POS	eng	eng
suicidology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hillery	PM NOM	eng	eng
jumanji	PM NOM	eng	eng
distasteful	JJ POS	eng	eng
compromises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
monographs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mortgage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mountcastel	PM NOM	eng	eng
deduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foldvary	PM NOM	eng	eng
resignation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accountabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cloade	PM NOM	eng	eng
ignorances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extra-terrestrial	JJ POS	eng	eng
eradication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
croy	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcword	PM NOM	eng	eng
warp	NN	eng	eng
correlate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
accusations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amantadine	NN	eng	eng
mistake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greene	PM NOM	eng	eng
archipelagos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evasively	AB	eng	eng
undisputedly	AB	eng	eng
obesity-induced	JJ	eng	eng
prohibitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
horse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brazilian	JJ POS	eng	eng
garb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vantages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chosen	VB PAP	eng	eng
victimization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mosccow	PM NOM	eng	eng
merriest	JJ	eng	eng
gendered	JJ POS	eng	eng
plundered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stacie	PM NOM	eng	eng
lush	NN	eng	eng
visitors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
organ	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mild	JJ POS	eng	eng
bald	JJ POS	eng	eng
wry	JJ	eng	eng
toxin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
belongingness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-maintenance	NN	eng	eng
abilify	VB	eng	eng
orgasmic	JJ POS	eng	eng
inflicted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lawrance	PM NOM	eng	eng
duggan	PM NOM	eng	eng
patterson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
structrures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appliance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agreeing	VB ING	eng	eng
alternating	VB ING	eng	eng
urine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sympathizer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
semafo	PM NOM	eng	eng
fixing	VB ING	eng	eng
sociobiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drambuien	PM NOM	eng	eng
co-worker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
special	JJ POS	eng	eng
routinized	VB PAP	eng	eng
upsurges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stewardship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appearances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
themusical	PM NOM	eng	eng
bradby	PM NOM	eng	eng
allegorically	AB	eng	eng
dissension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deary	PM NOM	eng	eng
kneeled	VB PRT	eng	eng
subjugations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rotates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
burroughs	PM NOM	eng	eng
merchandising	VB ING	eng	eng
localizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
larger	JJ KOM	eng	eng
adamson	PM NOM	eng	eng
addictively	AB	eng	eng
neuroimage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breakeven	JJ	eng	eng
dreamwear	PM NOM	eng	eng
pyramid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
varying	VB ING	eng	eng
spirits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maleficent	JJ	eng	eng
mcintyre's	PM GEN	eng	eng
quadrophenia	NN	eng	eng
asia-pacific	JJ POS	eng	eng
dylans	PM NOM	eng	eng
seale	PM NOM	eng	eng
representational	JJ POS	eng	eng
bridgeman	PM NOM	eng	eng
promiscuously	AB	eng	eng
jemima	PM NOM	eng	eng
chabby	JJ	eng	eng
dryer	NN	eng	eng
bottleneck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anterior	JJ POS	eng	eng
microenvironment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
channelling	VB	eng	eng
cost-effectiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enrolling	VB ING	eng	eng
miscarriages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
illogical	JJ POS	eng	eng
gilchrists	PM GEN	eng	eng
defiant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
woody's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cockatoo	NN	eng	eng
creamery	PM NOM	eng	eng
campervan	NN	eng	eng
antagonism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
time-sharings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
step	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chaoses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
healing	VB ING	eng	eng
observations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cooing	VB	eng	eng
palettes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prosperities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
turbulence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
graduates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fast-growing	JJ POS	eng	eng
affecting	VB ING	eng	eng
reaction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crossover	JJ POS	eng	eng
bringhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
discreet	JJ POS	eng	eng
facing	VB ING	eng	eng
allegiances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tanks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
community-living	VB ING	eng	eng
assessment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seat-off	NN	eng	eng
elegantly	AB	eng	eng
exemplify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hostages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gratefully	AB	eng	eng
enjoyed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
survivors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
selectors	NN PLU	eng	eng
revolving	VB ING	eng	eng
burglary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supporting	VB ING	eng	eng
candice's	PM GEN	eng	eng
burbidge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
duplicating	VB ING	eng	eng
chemosensitive	JJ	eng	eng
laser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
viennese	JJ POS	eng	eng
deconstructionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collaborators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subconsensual	JJ POS	eng	eng
destabilize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
succesful	JJ POS	eng	eng
resolving	VB ING	eng	eng
starcraft	PM NOM	eng	eng
accounting	VB ING	eng	eng
disgusting	JJ POS	eng	eng
macallan	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
norths	AB	eng	eng
repeal	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
click	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bosses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
respectively	AB	eng	eng
textile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ardently	AB	eng	eng
peabody	PM NOM	eng	eng
flourishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
thwart	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
adweek	PM NOM	eng	eng
pacts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wheel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inhabitant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dorsal	JJ POS	eng	eng
bodypump	PM NOM	eng	eng
scrutinized	JJ POS	eng	eng
creams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gardener's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
fanatic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
runciman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
lays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
1-2-3-4-done	NN	eng	eng
tiredness	NN	eng	eng
hosting	VB ING	eng	eng
incite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mccartney	PM NOM	eng	eng
spielbergs	PM GEN	eng	eng
cohen	PM NOM	eng	eng
muppet	NN	eng	eng
greenleaf	PM NOM	eng	eng
qualified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fools	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
raid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
avenue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shayne's	PM GEN	eng	eng
musgrave	PM NOM	eng	eng
gahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
solidifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sudanese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flowering	VB ING	eng	eng
neck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eighteenth-century	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fudge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
computes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
trans	NN SI NOM	eng	eng
gypsies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
converting	VB ING	eng	eng
india's	PM GEN	eng	eng
abnormally	AB	eng	eng
cline	PM NOM	eng	eng
behaviourist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intrinsically	AB	eng	eng
launches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
specialisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
films	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dealing	VB ING	eng	eng
ingenuity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whisp	PM NOM	eng	eng
slants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
influencers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
republicanism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fatty	JJ POS	eng	eng
voluntarily	AB	eng	eng
beard	NN	eng	eng
naturally	AB	eng	eng
photographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expresses	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
gin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
causing	VB ING	eng	eng
eliminates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
abnormality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sees	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
pusher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hitchman	PM NOM	eng	eng
describing	VB ING	eng	eng
downfall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
epistemic	JJ POS	eng	eng
privacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
schoolteachers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nomologically	AB	eng	eng
parcels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greek's	PM GEN	eng	eng
connel	PM NOM	eng	eng
stationeries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stings	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
invaluable	JJ POS	eng	eng
intimately	AB	eng	eng
aspired	JJ POS	eng	eng
condone	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
palace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accumulating	VB ING	eng	eng
limb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delphina	PM NOM	eng	eng
bastards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
smithsonian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
booking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allow	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
counsellors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coalesced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
non-union	JJ POS	eng	eng
phantasy	NN	eng	eng
internalising	VB	eng	eng
caps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-existent	JJ POS	eng	eng
orgy	NN	eng	eng
dermots	PM GEN	eng	eng
global	JJ POS	eng	eng
modernizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dialogue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hitter	NN	eng	eng
community's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
popcorn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
excursions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scandalously	AB	eng	eng
formpipe	NN	eng	eng
wuntch	PM NOM	eng	eng
embarking	VB ING	eng	eng
summarizations	NN PLU	eng	eng
oakey	PM NOM	eng	eng
immersively	AB	eng	eng
walkabout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
achievable	JJ POS	eng	eng
judgments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
musicals	NN PLU	eng	eng
auto	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
globe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
readability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncertainty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
scully	PM NOM	eng	eng
bust	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newsgrap	NN	eng	eng
boyman	NN	eng	eng
soiled	VB PRT	eng	eng
thigh	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forming	VB ING	eng	eng
netuniversity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indiscrete	JJ	eng	eng
shary	PM NOM	eng	eng
grimes	PM NOM	eng	eng
weaknesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gravitated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
autonomous	JJ POS	eng	eng
carnal	JJ	eng	eng
mothering	VB ING	eng	eng
temptation	NN	eng	eng
schoolmaster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
idealizing	VB	eng	eng
nondemocratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
futilely	AB	eng	eng
briefing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
threat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
versions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
girlfriends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
decisionmaker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flying	VB ING	eng	eng
wigfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
doane	PM NOM	eng	eng
cwyneth	PM NOM	eng	eng
flattering	JJ POS	eng	eng
homogeneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
cougar	PM NOM	eng	eng
internalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
belfields	PM GEN	eng	eng
controllable	JJ POS	eng	eng
sustenance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
panoply	JJ POS	eng	eng
parkway	NN	eng	eng
steep	JJ POS	eng	eng
reified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
assess	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wheelchair	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mercers	PM GEN	eng	eng
nodded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
epistemologically	AB	eng	eng
hayes	PM NOM	eng	eng
saturation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
musters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fonts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fray	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
performances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
calling	VB ING	eng	eng
winner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burgundy	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcguigan	PM NOM	eng	eng
interlinked	JJ POS	eng	eng
instill	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
putted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dusts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
influential	JJ POS	eng	eng
jealous	JJ POS	eng	eng
lincoln	PM NOM	eng	eng
unpacked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
peds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breedings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flawless	JJ	eng	eng
set-ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reassessing	VB ING	eng	eng
logistically	AB	eng	eng
modalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
freak	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whistleblowers	NN PLU	eng	eng
rowling	PM NOM	eng	eng
lethem	PM NOM	eng	eng
reconstructive	JJ POS	eng	eng
burchill	PM NOM	eng	eng
attractor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
polarisers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uncontested	JJ POS	eng	eng
discard	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
asculinity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neo-liberals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tomey	PM NOM	eng	eng
shirt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lewis	PM NOM	eng	eng
newsfeed	NN	eng	eng
parasuicidal	JJ POS	eng	eng
rationalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colleens	PM GEN	eng	eng
hammersleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
boldness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mccrumb	PM NOM	eng	eng
undercuts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
swede	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
autobiographically	AB	eng	eng
glossaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wraith	PM NOM	eng	eng
star	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
patriarchy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
genealogical	JJ POS	eng	eng
streptococcal	JJ POS	eng	eng
neuroendocrine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amersham	PM NOM	eng	eng
seaside	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
firefighters	NN	eng	eng
dials	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
multiplying	VB ING	eng	eng
calibrated	JJ POS	eng	eng
uniquenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concealing	VB ING	eng	eng
selectively	AB	eng	eng
concord	PM NOM	eng	eng
tightly	AB	eng	eng
supplier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sandals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
institutionalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fascinating	VB ING	eng	eng
seatwirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
asian-americans	NN PLU	eng	eng
wonnacott	PM NOM	eng	eng
articulated	JJ POS	eng	eng
ranked	JJ POS	eng	eng
operatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hegemonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
restricts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
self-monitored	JJ	eng	eng
eradicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
starkly	AB	eng	eng
hairston	PM NOM	eng	eng
recruiter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expansionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
owner's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
crown	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conveying	VB ING	eng	eng
mceuen	PM NOM	eng	eng
caseloads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dreambow	PM NOM	eng	eng
lipsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
dispersions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
youngsters	NN	eng	eng
swims	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
oatlys	PM GEN	eng	eng
whiteguide	PM NOM	eng	eng
merge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wopat	PM NOM	eng	eng
politely	AB	eng	eng
inclusionary	JJ POS	eng	eng
glbl	AB	eng	eng
professsional	JJ POS	eng	eng
combinded	JJ	eng	eng
unitarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hodgkinsson	PM NOM	eng	eng
basin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kanaly	PM NOM	eng	eng
priestly	AB	eng	eng
landmarks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
floating	VB	eng	eng
ashya	PM NOM	eng	eng
racism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bridges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weetman	PM NOM	eng	eng
congruently	AB	eng	eng
jurisprudence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
authors	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
exchange	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
scaffolds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pennington-mellor	PM NOM	eng	eng
simulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
playmates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
softwoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hamburgers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
activities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shareholder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
business	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
toolkit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obliterated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sectioning	VB	eng	eng
holebrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
fragrances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sentiently	AB	eng	eng
blurred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
genius	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
protector	NN	eng	eng
colourfully	AB	eng	eng
showcases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coldman	PM NOM	eng	eng
hectares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
despising	VB ING	eng	eng
war's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
sport's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
woodeson	PM NOM	eng	eng
tilt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wodehouses	PM GEN	eng	eng
opentype	PM NOM	eng	eng
proctor	PM NOM	eng	eng
verdict	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kegon	PM NOM	eng	eng
authentic	JJ POS	eng	eng
anarchy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
martinsburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
anticipatory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clicks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
further	AB	eng	eng
north	AB	eng	eng
pacifier	NN	eng	eng
reputed	JJ POS	eng	eng
two	RG	eng	eng
northup's	PM GEN	eng	eng
archaeologically	AB	eng	eng
julia's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sado	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recruiters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cleaver	PM NOM	eng	eng
lasers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
case-based	JJ	eng	eng
rescheduling	VB	eng	eng
outspoken	VB PAP	eng	eng
apologizing	VB ING	eng	eng
eradicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
perl	PM NOM	eng	eng
jericho	PM NOM	eng	eng
correlation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mind's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
wheels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transmitter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eyepatch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
signal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cream	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
masculinities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rudyard's	PM GEN	eng	eng
steadied	VB PRT	eng	eng
operative	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supply	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
administrated	JJ POS	eng	eng
rusted	VB PRT	eng	eng
overriding	VB ING	eng	eng
frees	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mycroft	PM NOM	eng	eng
accurately	AB	eng	eng
touts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
seeding	VB	eng	eng
nightcrawler	PM NOM	eng	eng
scillys	PM NOM	eng	eng
wodehouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
magnifying	VB ING	eng	eng
recall	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ringing	VB ING	eng	eng
electrons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intergovernmentalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shutting	VB ING	eng	eng
smuggled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reportedly	AB	eng	eng
post-critical	JJ POS	eng	eng
chthonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
overdwelling	VB ING	eng	eng
spit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mosaic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
protectors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unproblematic	JJ POS	eng	eng
playful	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-characterisation	NN	eng	eng
bathing	VB ING	eng	eng
weezer	PM NOM	eng	eng
fragrance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
polemics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deprived	JJ POS	eng	eng
snipers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cohosh	NN	eng	eng
cohens	PM GEN	eng	eng
initiative	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
building	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hamburger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neo-marxist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rapists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incompatible	JJ POS	eng	eng
repetitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
overy	PM NOM	eng	eng
inherited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
clines	PM GEN	eng	eng
trapping	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
epidemiologic	JJ POS	eng	eng
quasimarket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shockwave	PM NOM	eng	eng
erstwhile	AB	eng	eng
like-minded	JJ POS	eng	eng
tobacco-related	JJ	eng	eng
stylised	VB PRT	eng	eng
engineer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unitarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rectifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nigerian	JJ POS	eng	eng
humidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hadith	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obliged	JJ POS	eng	eng
beards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frostbite	PM NOM	eng	eng
maximums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychotropic	JJ	eng	eng
clashes	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
stalinist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
school	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
predator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
soapy	PM NOM	eng	eng
ulee's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hi-lo	NN	eng	eng
slant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncut	JJ	eng	eng
yugoslavia	PM NOM	eng	eng
sting	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
implantable	JJ	eng	eng
sines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interdependencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rhinehart	PM NOM	eng	eng
donovan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hardcastle	PM NOM	eng	eng
week's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
newtown	PM NOM	eng	eng
teachinglearning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
everence	PM NOM	eng	eng
marching	VB ING	eng	eng
collage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trustee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whittaker's	PM GEN	eng	eng
weight-bearing	JJ	eng	eng
purefoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
starcrossed	JJ	eng	eng
raising	VB ING	eng	eng
georgia's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mccorquodale	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenough	PM NOM	eng	eng
notifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gyp	PM NOM	eng	eng
mosher	PM NOM	eng	eng
russells	PM NOM	eng	eng
raced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
allows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
troublesome	JJ POS	eng	eng
suggestions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
saunders	PM NOM	eng	eng
protestors	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ironclad	PM NOM	eng	eng
photographs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polariser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attractors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lowery	PM NOM	eng	eng
wisdoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contributes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
thighs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
one-off	JJ POS	eng	eng
dieting	VB ING	eng	eng
ineffectually	AB	eng	eng
regularities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jeffner	PM NOM	eng	eng
ancestry	NN	eng	eng
would	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
projects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bottom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
breakfasting	VB	eng	eng
mcdaniel	PM NOM	eng	eng
lovestruck	JJ	eng	eng
member	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
launch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
identifying	VB ING	eng	eng
recognitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chancellors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
globes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eyeblink	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
keenan	PM NOM	eng	eng
bereft	JJ POS	eng	eng
hobbies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contradictorily	AB	eng	eng
wellfilled	JJ POS	eng	eng
a-teens	PM NOM	eng	eng
laces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cuckoo	NN	eng	eng
petition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clyro	PM NOM	eng	eng
schoolchildren	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
offshoring	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
halfpenny	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bio-dome	PM NOM	eng	eng
contractant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
polity's	PM GEN	eng	eng
drafted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
therapy-interfering	JJ POS	eng	eng
indycar	PM NOM	eng	eng
eliminate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
internationally	AB	eng	eng
poetics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
standardisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prehistoric	JJ POS	eng	eng
savagery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trumps	PM GEN	eng	eng
consolidation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
socialtheories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
when	AB	eng	eng
togetherness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
primeval	JJ POS	eng	eng
norway's	PM GEN	eng	eng
neo-classically	AB	eng	eng
comprehended	VB PAP	eng	eng
asses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buttered	VB	eng	eng
goodfeeling	PM NOM	eng	eng
starfish	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcallister	PM NOM	eng	eng
supposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fowl	PM NOM	eng	eng
effortless	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-effiacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freaks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chowdhury's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bank	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bunbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
cushions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cooney	PM NOM	eng	eng
fugees	PM NOM	eng	eng
fraudulently	AB	eng	eng
meetingpoint	NN	eng	eng
cardioverter-defibrillator	NN	eng	eng
capability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
money	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harpers	PM GEN	eng	eng
posters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
walkabouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penchants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instrumental	JJ POS	eng	eng
mum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maybourne	PM NOM	eng	eng
monumentally	AB	eng	eng
swedes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cereals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
complicating	VB ING	eng	eng
daryl	PM NOM	eng	eng
exigencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
secondhand	JJ POS	eng	eng
excursion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
geniuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldwyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
urged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
soccers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eternal	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-reinforcement	NN	eng	eng
knotted	VB	eng	eng
faster	JJ KOM	eng	eng
gutter	NN	eng	eng
auditions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shirts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ramifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
headrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonviolently	AB	eng	eng
crickets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
janey	PM NOM	eng	eng
salmond	PM NOM	eng	eng
attaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
martyrs	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
centred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
segments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
results	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
offender	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orientation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poll	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discouraged	JJ POS	eng	eng
woolies	NN	eng	eng
depressedly	AB	eng	eng
lottery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freedens	PM GEN	eng	eng
heterosexualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oatly	PM NOM	eng	eng
force-fields	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tactful	JJ	eng	eng
self-regulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reciprocity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
merges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
assesses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
notebooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pursuing	VB ING	eng	eng
dearth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macronutrient	NN	eng	eng
machining	VB ING	eng	eng
niall	PM NOM	eng	eng
perdition	PM NOM	eng	eng
crowns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clothing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
etched	VB	eng	eng
dramatisation	NN	eng	eng
dragrace	NN NEU SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
programes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chappaqua	PM NOM	eng	eng
demands	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
englewood's	PM GEN	eng	eng
marle	PM NOM	eng	eng
noon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-commodities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evacuations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
basins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
medication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
intersubjectivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
truly	AB	eng	eng
unscrupulously	AB	eng	eng
rooneys	PM GEN	eng	eng
adiposity	NN	eng	eng
corrective	JJ POS	eng	eng
raging	VB ING	eng	eng
rationing	VB ING	eng	eng
insolvencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
long-standing	JJ POS	eng	eng
fugit	PM NOM	eng	eng
philosophize	VB	eng	eng
orgasms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
derogates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
missiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spielberg	PM NOM	eng	eng
vis-à-vis	AB	eng	eng
hollingsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
mucosa	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doorways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pronouncement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
convince	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
morphological	JJ POS	eng	eng
weed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fulham	PM NOM	eng	eng
fortunate	JJ POS	eng	eng
towe	PM NOM	eng	eng
superpowers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
same-sex	JJ POS	eng	eng
movement's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
captures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
winspear	PM NOM	eng	eng
covering	VB ING	eng	eng
attwood's	PM GEN	eng	eng
arching	VB	eng	eng
poisoned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ians	PM GEN	eng	eng
pines	NN	eng	eng
imputed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fireman	PM NOM	eng	eng
protestantism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kenway	PM NOM	eng	eng
mississippi	PM NOM	eng	eng
hite	PM NOM	eng	eng
rectangular	JJ POS	eng	eng
refoulement	NN UTR SIN DEF NOM freq:16	eng	eng
fairlawn	PM NOM	eng	eng
chemists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coalsnaughton	PM NOM	eng	eng
cement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mildest	JJ	eng	eng
granting	VB ING	eng	eng
fares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intervening	VB ING	eng	eng
cawley	PM NOM	eng	eng
exacerbates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
posteriorly	AB	eng	eng
pours	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hardwares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
westish	JJ	eng	eng
wormhole	NN	eng	eng
plant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sharons	PM GEN	eng	eng
same	JJ POS	eng	eng
godspeed	PM NOM	eng	eng
demonstrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
translator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
females	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
product	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
keeble	PM NOM	eng	eng
drummers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cookson	PM NOM	eng	eng
perceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
makin	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
co-workers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sarsfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcquade	PM NOM	eng	eng
shulamith	PM NOM	eng	eng
ignition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
additionally	AB	eng	eng
chefs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
underscoring	VB ING	eng	eng
brinton	PM NOM	eng	eng
skins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crossovers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
treetop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
high-risk	JJ POS	eng	eng
denominator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meta-analyses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
munson	PM NOM	eng	eng
routed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cooglers	PM GEN	eng	eng
accommodating	VB ING	eng	eng
brokeback	PM NOM	eng	eng
answered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
absurdities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anecdote	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undesirable	JJ POS	eng	eng
x-calibur	PM NOM	eng	eng
antiques	NN PLU	eng	eng
mergers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reversible	JJ POS	eng	eng
grow	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mariah	PM NOM	eng	eng
democrat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
display	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wording	VB ING	eng	eng
quail	NN	eng	eng
gossips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-monitoring	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liberalising	VB	eng	eng
self-reflexive	JJ POS	eng	eng
coordinators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contentments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hastings	PM NOM	eng	eng
urostomy	NN	eng	eng
annoying	VB ING	eng	eng
gershwins	PM GEN	eng	eng
gilchrist	PM NOM	eng	eng
notifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
within-group	NN	eng	eng
bridgetown	PM NOM	eng	eng
follow	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pinewood	NN	eng	eng
group-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
re-analysis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
animosity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
occasion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glimpses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
correlates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
close	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
flashforward	NN	eng	eng
combescure	PM NOM	eng	eng
ignorance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rob'n'raz	PM NOM	eng	eng
washed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
peaty	PM NOM	eng	eng
smelling	VB ING	eng	eng
deductions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
confiscation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incompleteness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monograph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
terminology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anorexian	NN NEU SIN DEF NOM freq:21	eng	eng
basefarm	PM NOM	eng	eng
vacant	JJ POS	eng	eng
coulsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
commonalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aortic	JJ	eng	eng
adventurously	AB	eng	eng
rupaul	PM NOM	eng	eng
gemini	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoolahans	PM GEN	eng	eng
medium-size	JJ	eng	eng
notwithstanding	AB	eng	eng
electroconvulsive	JJ POS	eng	eng
galls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recycling	VB ING	eng	eng
primally	AB	eng	eng
pollutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dwecks	PM GEN	eng	eng
content	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grandmaster	PM NOM	eng	eng
belting	VB	eng	eng
connecting	VB ING	eng	eng
on-demand	NN	eng	eng
droit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
garments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suspects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
farmings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wargames	NN PLU	eng	eng
priory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
north-east	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
timeconsuming	JJ POS	eng	eng
smashed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
westphalian	JJ POS	eng	eng
besets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
residing	VB ING	eng	eng
appliances	NN	eng	eng
decreased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
venerable	JJ POS	eng	eng
citizenry	JJ POS	eng	eng
radicalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dwenes	PM GEN	eng	eng
relishes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
severe	JJ POS	eng	eng
tooths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poolwater	NN	eng	eng
eastenders	PM NOM	eng	eng
ramps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hearth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conforms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
arbitrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accomptants	NN PLU	eng	eng
mesolithic	JJ POS	eng	eng
whiskies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extrapolations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alex's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sheriff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aquarius	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethnosciences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spouse-aided	JJ	eng	eng
brazilians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recruitment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disentangles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
kingston	PM NOM	eng	eng
noetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
agric	JJ POS	eng	eng
longest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
vasocongestion	NN	eng	eng
watchman	PM NOM	eng	eng
bracy	PM NOM	eng	eng
orientates	VB	eng	eng
protocol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
married	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
outrageously	AB	eng	eng
oxides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spearman	PM NOM	eng	eng
moon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
whitlock	PM NOM	eng	eng
unpredictabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
climb	VB	eng	eng
bleak	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
caroline	PM NOM	eng	eng
analyst	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
successes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
animatics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
promotional	JJ POS	eng	eng
pulpits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
habitual	JJ POS	eng	eng
land	PM NOM	eng	eng
baseballs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
champions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
southasia	PM NOM lang:fre	eng	eng
retaliating	VB ING	eng	eng
subcultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
bugging	VB	eng	eng
henley	PM NOM	eng	eng
painstakingly	AB	eng	eng
huntington	PM NOM	eng	eng
validated	JJ POS	eng	eng
tempered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wanna	VB	eng	eng
christologically	AB	eng	eng
intending	VB ING	eng	eng
horn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tharpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
formulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pinpoints	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
visualizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nonwords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
copimade	PM NOM	eng	eng
toxins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broadway	PM NOM	eng	eng
organs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
innovates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
semesters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hegemon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychoanalytical	JJ POS	eng	eng
clearer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
capitalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refreshments	NN	eng	eng
misbehaviour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
receptionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
comprise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
commendable	JJ POS	eng	eng
maddaddam	PM NOM	eng	eng
asexually	AB	eng	eng
horses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seminars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
purporting	VB ING	eng	eng
outlined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
homepage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
urines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wallet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bordens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
manipulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
viruses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deported	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
juliet	PM NOM	eng	eng
hurrah	IN	eng	eng
coagulase	VB	eng	eng
rawlings	PM NOM	eng	eng
tailored	JJ POS	eng	eng
skater	NN	eng	eng
rumbling	VB ING	eng	eng
decentralised	JJ POS	eng	eng
custodial	JJ POS	eng	eng
efficient	JJ POS	eng	eng
counting	VB ING	eng	eng
mcnaull	PM NOM	eng	eng
relaxation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
winwind	PM NOM	eng	eng
observatory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hurt	JJ POS	eng	eng
leased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gerina	PM NOM	eng	eng
outrunner	NN	eng	eng
precinct	JJ	eng	eng
agreement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
backstages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frasiers	PM GEN	eng	eng
spanning	VB ING	eng	eng
persians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wealthiest	JJ KOM	eng	eng
conceptualises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quasi	JJ POS	eng	eng
lifeworlds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refresh	VB	eng	eng
foxes	PM NOM	eng	eng
friend's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
divergent	JJ POS	eng	eng
nutbrown	PM NOM	eng	eng
manion's	PM GEN	eng	eng
japan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
1970s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hanks	PM NOM	eng	eng
cavalry	PM NOM	eng	eng
wyclef	PM NOM	eng	eng
rivalled	VB PRT	eng	eng
neuron	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quotients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minion	NN	eng	eng
typologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gethsemani	PM NOM	eng	eng
dylan	PM NOM	eng	eng
losee	PM NOM	eng	eng
c-3po	PM NOM	eng	eng
automate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
involuntarily	AB	eng	eng
congenital	JJ POS	eng	eng
harbours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mckenney	PM NOM	eng	eng
untamed	JJ	eng	eng
organism's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
waterproofing	NN	eng	eng
praxis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rockarounds	PM NOM	eng	eng
freeling	PM NOM	eng	eng
confused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
exaggerated	JJ POS	eng	eng
acts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chrystal	JJ	eng	eng
coady	PM NOM	eng	eng
interpretations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
democratize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
one-person	JJ POS	eng	eng
navy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macomber	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-evalutation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
respite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lounges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
daughetee	PM NOM	eng	eng
welding	NN	eng	eng
distributor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
groove	NN	eng	eng
adding	VB ING	eng	eng
harvester	PM NOM	eng	eng
farth	NN	eng	eng
problematise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
prentisstown	PM NOM	eng	eng
outlaw	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
candidacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wateraid	NN	eng	eng
burning	VB ING	eng	eng
secretary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commissioner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lovingly	AB	eng	eng
pharmacotherapeutical	JJ	eng	eng
aspect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
relentlessly	AB	eng	eng
depressively	AB	eng	eng
atanasoff	PM NOM	eng	eng
porky's	PM GEN	eng	eng
oblivious	JJ POS	eng	eng
covergirl	NN	eng	eng
goddard	PM NOM	eng	eng
boolean	JJ	eng	eng
ghettoizing	VB	eng	eng
demarcations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
predators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edwardsville	PM NOM	eng	eng
habits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aphasic	JJ POS	eng	eng
scares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
secretagogue	NN	eng	eng
ongoing	JJ POS	eng	eng
erase	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
professorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
starcane	PM NOM	eng	eng
verymuchkiss	PM NOM	eng	eng
swap	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
self-concept	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interchanged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
glaze	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deparements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
antibody-absorption	NN	eng	eng
oligarchic	JJ POS	eng	eng
informative	JJ POS	eng	eng
indifferent	JJ POS	eng	eng
pylori	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concentrating	VB ING	eng	eng
reconnaissance	NN	eng	eng
authorised	JJ POS	eng	eng
acknowledgement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tropic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
albuquerque	PM NOM	eng	eng
prevailed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
duty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chewbacca	PM NOM	eng	eng
custodian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
career	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quick-step	NN	eng	eng
handshakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mentalized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
excluded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
seashell	NN	eng	eng
spillover	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
possibly	AB	eng	eng
codemasters	PM NOM	eng	eng
curls	VB	eng	eng
configuring	VB ING	eng	eng
stylishly	AB	eng	eng
overlays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
guth	PM NOM	eng	eng
nobles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hindrances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prioritisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dames	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tuned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unnamed	JJ POS	eng	eng
undergraduates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greenbaum	PM NOM	eng	eng
insight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
millennia	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jess	PM NOM	eng	eng
kees	PM NOM	eng	eng
dislike	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mudlick	PM NOM	eng	eng
leahy	PM NOM	eng	eng
hacksaw	NN	eng	eng
is	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
yourstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
implementations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rodes	PM GEN	eng	eng
dictating	VB ING	eng	eng
relinquish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tenuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
restatements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
induce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
orders	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
garrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
originations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unconnected	JJ POS	eng	eng
stripening	NN	eng	eng
workstation	NN	eng	eng
capitalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
augmentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arrogant	JJ POS	eng	eng
imaginative	JJ POS	eng	eng
summations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
opinion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unravelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ruth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hunches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eskimo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whichers	PM NOM	eng	eng
buttercream	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preferable	JJ POS	eng	eng
proverbial	JJ POS	eng	eng
obscure	JJ POS	eng	eng
equalizer	NN	eng	eng
readership	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
facilitators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enthusiastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
take-up	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
restate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
clinic-based	JJ	eng	eng
tablets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blame	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
willeford	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcewen	PM NOM	eng	eng
phoneme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weekend	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
painters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biopsies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sanguinely	AB	eng	eng
vestibular	JJ POS	eng	eng
preempt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
contradistinctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flashcard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fairall	PM NOM	eng	eng
timetable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ghostbusters	PM NOM	eng	eng
indices	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crowes	PM GEN	eng	eng
ltd	JJ POS	eng	eng
brothers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
geneticist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kingdom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
particularists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buildings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bagel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
finnish	JJ POS	eng	eng
coakley	PM NOM	eng	eng
picker	NN	eng	eng
hudgens	PM GEN	eng	eng
rejoinders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amp-activated	JJ	eng	eng
voyagers	NN PLU	eng	eng
hodge	PM NOM	eng	eng
subcategories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
manually	AB	eng	eng
pantheon	PM NOM	eng	eng
modularity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
basies	PM GEN	eng	eng
electron	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proprietor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clark's	PM GEN	eng	eng
whitechapel	PM NOM	eng	eng
proving	VB ING	eng	eng
moongoddess	NN	eng	eng
sorting	VB ING	eng	eng
solow	PM NOM	eng	eng
antiquities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dissatisfies	VB	eng	eng
mcalpine	PM NOM	eng	eng
eschew	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reassertions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
classify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
engineers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scornful	JJ	eng	eng
neo-confucianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winter's	PM GEN	eng	eng
plasters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trappings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modernities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
christologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dissatisfaction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lavish	JJ POS	eng	eng
chinas	PM GEN	eng	eng
brainpool	PM NOM	eng	eng
wareheim	PM NOM	eng	eng
throws	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
retentive	JJ	eng	eng
legitimate	JJ POS	eng	eng
quitting	VB ING	eng	eng
earl	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
framers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
offenders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
duel	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
southfolk	PM NOM	eng	eng
kallison	PM NOM	eng	eng
muting	VB ING	eng	eng
virulent	JJ POS	eng	eng
underrepresented	JJ POS	eng	eng
preconsciously	AB	eng	eng
inderdependent	JJ POS	eng	eng
dually	AB	eng	eng
12-month-old	JJ	eng	eng
trigon	PM NOM	eng	eng
muldrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
unwanted	JJ POS	eng	eng
africanists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clothings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ralston's	PM GEN	eng	eng
invalidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
programe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hanged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
supraterritorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
seasons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
homogeneity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
euros	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peirce's	PM GEN	eng	eng
choosing	VB ING	eng	eng
notebook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pedestrian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eligibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
advanced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcbusted	PM NOM	eng	eng
generalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loosens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
groom	PM NOM	eng	eng
seniority	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
containments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stereotypies	NN	eng	eng
subsidiaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prize	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spoons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
machinery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
visionary	JJ POS	eng	eng
cosmological	JJ POS	eng	eng
symbolized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mentalizing-focused	JJ	eng	eng
ejaculated	VB	eng	eng
enthrone	PM NOM	eng	eng
lever	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dolls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perkins	PM NOM	eng	eng
daenerys	PM NOM	eng	eng
chastely	AB	eng	eng
drove	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
arguably	JJ POS	eng	eng
union's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dissection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
airheart	PM NOM	eng	eng
furnishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
concertive	JJ POS	eng	eng
heroin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
summermeet	PM NOM	eng	eng
transgression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
possessing	VB ING	eng	eng
advocacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
derogate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deliberations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cartels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yorkston	PM NOM	eng	eng
convinces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
intensity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
availing	VB ING	eng	eng
huntingford	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-presentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
barebacking	NN	eng	eng
tooli	PM NOM	eng	eng
bridgestone	PM NOM	eng	eng
mississauga	PM NOM	eng	eng
hogwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
fabrics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
presume	VB	eng	eng
disproportionately	AB	eng	eng
capones	PM GEN	eng	eng
heresy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
administering	VB ING	eng	eng
coroner	NN	eng	eng
purify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
resuming	VB ING	eng	eng
fifth	RO	eng	eng
type	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
petitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hine	PM NOM	eng	eng
myriads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deserved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
trends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doormat	NN	eng	eng
arduous	JJ POS	eng	eng
counteracting	VB ING	eng	eng
conlon	PM NOM	eng	eng
uncoupling	VB	eng	eng
pateman	PM NOM	eng	eng
coockie	PM NOM	eng	eng
fagan	PM NOM	eng	eng
hour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deuce	PM NOM	eng	eng
remaining	VB ING	eng	eng
soy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unexplored	JJ POS	eng	eng
experts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crisis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antagonistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
proximities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cabinet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
innate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
aliens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enhancing	VB ING	eng	eng
neverland	PM NOM	eng	eng
penchant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bewilderedly	AB	eng	eng
hampered	JJ POS	eng	eng
millegan	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-imposed	JJ POS	eng	eng
proceeds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chilean	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
storytellers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hurtful	JJ POS	eng	eng
renouncing	VB ING	eng	eng
neighbouring	JJ POS	eng	eng
struck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
puppy	NN	eng	eng
testicular	JJ	eng	eng
adaptively	AB	eng	eng
squizzy	JJ	eng	eng
cranks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
vanishing	VB ING	eng	eng
failings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
joint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slogan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maycraft	PM NOM	eng	eng
faithful	JJ POS	eng	eng
amino	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trailhawk	PM NOM	eng	eng
maryland's	PM GEN	eng	eng
circumscribes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
estreet	PM NOM	eng	eng
contextuality	NN	eng	eng
filing	VB ING	eng	eng
audition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
asceticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unison	JJ POS	eng	eng
health-friendly	JJ	eng	eng
contain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
scribing	VB ING	eng	eng
mime	NN	eng	eng
steal	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
visualizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
most	JJ POS	eng	eng
eclipsing	VB ING	eng	eng
elaine's	PM GEN	eng	eng
aunt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
duffy	PM NOM	eng	eng
decalogue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mccaslin	PM NOM	eng	eng
reebok	PM NOM	eng	eng
fabolous	JJ	eng	eng
treehotel	PM NOM	eng	eng
realized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dearden	PM NOM	eng	eng
thunders	NN	eng	eng
sympathy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
benefit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pseudonyms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cranfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
brunson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ducked	VB	eng	eng
costly	JJ POS	eng	eng
baskets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scans	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
conflations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
occasions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
destinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beneficial	JJ POS	eng	eng
algebras	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
play	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
plotting	VB ING	eng	eng
well-designed	JJ POS	eng	eng
oakhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
morbidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redux	PM NOM	eng	eng
six-month	JJ POS	eng	eng
determining	VB ING	eng	eng
deterministic	JJ POS	eng	eng
hoolahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
transboundary	JJ POS	eng	eng
delphy	PM NOM	eng	eng
polarisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trickles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
vibration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
at	PP	eng	eng
yardstick	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
olds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grabbing	VB ING	eng	eng
countryman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sleepover	NN	eng	eng
thanks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
beautys	NN	eng	eng
provocatively	AB	eng	eng
sashalee	PM NOM	eng	eng
significane	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modules	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sixteenth	JJ POS	eng	eng
experientially	AB	eng	eng
fishes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accelerations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lawful	JJ POS	eng	eng
reproductive	JJ POS	eng	eng
venting	VB ING	eng	eng
transmembrane	NN	eng	eng
fantasy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
however	AB	eng	eng
chatman	PM NOM	eng	eng
delivery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subtraction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contagious	JJ POS	eng	eng
prodigy	PM NOM	eng	eng
submitting	VB ING	eng	eng
sandalwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
trade-off	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
butterly	PM NOM	eng	eng
gastric	JJ POS	eng	eng
hateship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cargos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
effect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
site-specific	JJ	eng	eng
co-existed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
goinflow	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissonance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
laryngeal	JJ	eng	eng
featherstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
sicker	JJ	eng	eng
paternalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perlocutionary	AB	eng	eng
gotcha	VB	eng	eng
cease	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
watershed	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inducement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misfits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consortium's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
madames	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
characterizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contact	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
staircase	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fairechild	PM NOM	eng	eng
pollens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minister's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
banham	PM NOM	eng	eng
universitary	JJ POS	eng	eng
beleskey	PM NOM	eng	eng
crosscountry	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
geographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sprints	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sponge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colding	PM NOM	eng	eng
omits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sank	VB PST	eng	eng
authoritatively	AB	eng	eng
udominates	PM GEN	eng	eng
richards	PM NOM	eng	eng
durability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
satirical	JJ POS	eng	eng
reactionary	AB	eng	eng
greenfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
fallen	VB SUP SUP	eng	eng
moralistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
cheet	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
alderney	PM NOM	eng	eng
specifically	AB	eng	eng
vershbow	PM NOM	eng	eng
accompaniments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
huffy	PM NOM	eng	eng
dismissively	AB	eng	eng
modernist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whow	PM NOM	eng	eng
engraving	VB ING	eng	eng
liams	PM GEN	eng	eng
generationally	AB	eng	eng
adapt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hardware	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abductions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
superfluously	AB	eng	eng
congruence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revulsion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treadmill	NN	eng	eng
enviously	AB	eng	eng
construction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dine	VB	eng	eng
overcrowded	JJ POS	eng	eng
globalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
firmly	AB	eng	eng
frames	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chasing	VB ING	eng	eng
miracle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
finitely	AB	eng	eng
whom	PN	eng	eng
ignitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marketplaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
budd-chiaris	PM NOM	eng	eng
atheists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breakaway	NN	eng	eng
keysonline	PM NOM	eng	eng
normalised	VB PRT	eng	eng
gershwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
antipathies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insurance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flora	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
demographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consequentialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meriworks	PM NOM	eng	eng
ellen	PM NOM	eng	eng
democrats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stuck	VB PST	eng	eng
reid	PM NOM	eng	eng
anecdotes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inclusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
predisposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
authorships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perpetrated	JJ POS	eng	eng
special-need	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
durban	PM NOM	eng	eng
rhedding	PM NOM	eng	eng
sunwing	PM NOM	eng	eng
vocalizations	NN PLU	eng	eng
voyages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
houghton	PM NOM	eng	eng
fuser	NN	eng	eng
sensate	JJ POS	eng	eng
research-units	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marge	PM NOM	eng	eng
abutting	NN	eng	eng
twists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
persuasions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unrests	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lunatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
sites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
veteran	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overly	AB	eng	eng
automates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
excises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
holisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aftermath	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bitterness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assigning	VB ING	eng	eng
centre-right	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quotient	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
civilizing	VB ING	eng	eng
remodeling	VB-GER lang:fre	eng	eng
escort	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
widowmaker	NN	eng	eng
patafie	PM NOM	eng	eng
recapitulation	NN	eng	eng
rule	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deirdres	PM GEN	eng	eng
grounding	VB ING	eng	eng
salespersons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inadvertently	AB	eng	eng
anthologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distressful	JJ	eng	eng
cross-dressings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lobby	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
specified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
impersonal	JJ POS	eng	eng
mouses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
complementing	VB	eng	eng
woodfin	PM NOM	eng	eng
two-chair	NN	eng	eng
humanrights	NN	eng	eng
lord's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
advertiser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evilness	NN	eng	eng
o'neal	PM NOM	eng	eng
katherine	PM NOM	eng	eng
tungate	PM NOM	eng	eng
pitied	VB PRT	eng	eng
showing	VB ING	eng	eng
buyer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
casts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
assimilates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
philosopher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dependencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
handmaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
cab	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
steadily	AB	eng	eng
play'n	VB	eng	eng
whitlocks	PM GEN	eng	eng
strand	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cross-sectionally	AB	eng	eng
biomass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reoccurs	VB	eng	eng
confirmed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
docherty	PM NOM	eng	eng
growin'	JJ	eng	eng
withers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deduced	PM GEN	eng	eng
melodic	JJ	eng	eng
policy-making	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alive	AB	eng	eng
scuttle	PM NOM	eng	eng
applicant's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
custody	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
protocols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
won	VB PST	eng	eng
mcleary	PM NOM	eng	eng
keibler	PM NOM	eng	eng
counter-hegemonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
signifying	VB ING	eng	eng
aloneness	NN	eng	eng
rubs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dodge	PM NOM	eng	eng
died	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jones	PM NOM	eng	eng
freewoman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peoples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loyal	JJ POS	eng	eng
clarice	PM NOM	eng	eng
sunsets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intentional	JJ POS	eng	eng
archaeologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcclanes	PM GEN	eng	eng
variability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nectarine	NN	eng	eng
presentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
champion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
baseball	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
efficaciously	AB	eng	eng
animatic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweetly	AB	eng	eng
decaying	VB ING	eng	eng
relieve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gouge	PM NOM	eng	eng
beneficently	AB	eng	eng
fables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
states	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sympathetically	AB	eng	eng
spinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
unprejudiced	JJ	eng	eng
manhattan	PM NOM	eng	eng
prefect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
athletes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
criticize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
factions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lawsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
hastening	VB ING	eng	eng
flair	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
homepages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cleaners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
comprises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
broadways	PM GEN	eng	eng
innovate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unbidden	VB	eng	eng
semester	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pinpoint	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
excuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
modernize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lucent	PM NOM	eng	eng
roofe	PM NOM	eng	eng
thorny	JJ POS	eng	eng
lyrics	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
oldboys	PM NOM	eng	eng
turbine	NN	eng	eng
mathews	PM GEN	eng	eng
visual	JJ POS	eng	eng
tact	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doctoral	JJ POS	eng	eng
pads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
converged	JJ POS	eng	eng
summarize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
morrissey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
residential	JJ POS	eng	eng
experimenter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cutrone	PM NOM	eng	eng
orchestrating	VB ING	eng	eng
divisively	AB	eng	eng
scotia	PM NOM	eng	eng
fierce	JJ	eng	eng
suitable	JJ POS	eng	eng
rioting	VB ING	eng	eng
mathematic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
justin	PM NOM	eng	eng
scratching	VB ING	eng	eng
disused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
greeenberg	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcpherson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fisherman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hardly	AB	eng	eng
cerebellum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transcend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
incongruities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dew	PM NOM	eng	eng
riverhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
stabilised	VB PRT	eng	eng
gastrointestinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
reversed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
skynet	PM NOM	eng	eng
reunion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychologically	AB	eng	eng
informal	JJ POS	eng	eng
yarning	VB ING	eng	eng
foraging	VB ING	eng	eng
anaesthetic	JJ	eng	eng
simplicities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
passionate	JJ POS	eng	eng
immanent	JJ POS	eng	eng
hebrew	JJ POS	eng	eng
intermittently	AB	eng	eng
herhis	PN	eng	eng
mcgill	PM NOM	eng	eng
commons	PM NOM	eng	eng
glorious	JJ POS	eng	eng
dissertation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
remittance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tournaments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adhere	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ragdoll	NN	eng	eng
intimidates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nationalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thank	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
interpretatively	AB	eng	eng
buzz-mining	NN	eng	eng
fresh	PM NOM	eng	eng
torments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wane	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
defines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
erosion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
truth-telling	JJ POS	eng	eng
decoupling	VB ING	eng	eng
objects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mertons	PM GEN	eng	eng
loveship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pearson	PM NOM	eng	eng
transcends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shackelford	PM NOM	eng	eng
cooler	JJ KOM	eng	eng
potent	JJ POS	eng	eng
monotony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reagon	PM NOM	eng	eng
electric	JJ POS	eng	eng
curfews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
triumph	NN	eng	eng
headings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
east-west	JJ POS	eng	eng
clung	VB PAP	eng	eng
achlorhydria	NN	eng	eng
sufficiencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
opposites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apparition	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
wootton	PM NOM	eng	eng
summarizes	VB	eng	eng
spherical	JJ	eng	eng
haircut	NN	eng	eng
cargo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deeply	AB	eng	eng
richie	PM NOM	eng	eng
three-year-old	NN	eng	eng
cocooning	VB ING	eng	eng
moonlight	NN	eng	eng
objectivisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modernizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
philistine	JJ	eng	eng
uniquement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buddy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overcoming	VB ING	eng	eng
quach	PM NOM	eng	eng
illiterate	JJ POS	eng	eng
linedance	NN	eng	eng
learmonth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
vestibule	NN	eng	eng
luckiest	JJ	eng	eng
initials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reflectively	AB	eng	eng
nosologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
solidly	AB	eng	eng
intercourse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greedily	AB	eng	eng
gwynplaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
agglomerations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mandalay	PM NOM	eng	eng
awake	AB	eng	eng
criticizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mccorkle	PM NOM	eng	eng
catches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
winged	VB PRT	eng	eng
neofunctionalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meta-analysis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
masoner	PM NOM	eng	eng
co-ordinates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unobstructive	JJ POS	eng	eng
broaden	VB PAP	eng	eng
nihilism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aftermaths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
virtual	JJ POS	eng	eng
snowmeet	PM NOM	eng	eng
crewdson	PM NOM	eng	eng
ceases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pointer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sarah	PM NOM	eng	eng
alerting	VB ING	eng	eng
historiographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
volcanic	JJ POS	eng	eng
adapts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
kerby	PM NOM	eng	eng
curtails	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
canada's	PM GEN	eng	eng
holcombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
imtech	PM NOM	eng	eng
crais	PM NOM	eng	eng
betway	PM NOM	eng	eng
highsmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
ameliorating	VB ING	eng	eng
polarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inclusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coral	JJ POS	eng	eng
rendering	JJ POS	eng	eng
gordons	PM GEN	eng	eng
lived	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jonze	PM NOM	eng	eng
impinged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pencils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keown	PM NOM	eng	eng
resonantly	AB	eng	eng
oncopeptides	PM NOM	eng	eng
coarser	JJ	eng	eng
redevelopment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
framingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
kapow	IN	eng	eng
tweedell	PM NOM	eng	eng
chauncy	PM NOM	eng	eng
lexham	PM NOM	eng	eng
reviewer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
frame	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stucks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
snapshots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
atheism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bulgers	PM GEN	eng	eng
sensitizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcmurdo	PM NOM	eng	eng
disruptively	AB	eng	eng
commended	VB PAP	eng	eng
externalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
cart	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
touraine	PM NOM	eng	eng
galaxies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
randomized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
morning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
floras	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dispassionate	JJ POS	eng	eng
regularization	NN	eng	eng
backflip	NN	eng	eng
externalised	VB PRT	eng	eng
revulsions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marges	PM GEN	eng	eng
charged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
relocated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hughley	PM NOM	eng	eng
intermediary	JJ POS	eng	eng
abduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dichen	PM NOM	eng	eng
characterisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychophysiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burrough	PM NOM	eng	eng
elect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
twist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consummate	JJ POS	eng	eng
impairment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
old-fashioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
1990s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
urea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rangs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
succinct	JJ POS	eng	eng
engravings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modernists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blow-out	NN	eng	eng
unawarely	AB	eng	eng
calculations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
steered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
captivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outbound	JJ POS	eng	eng
worldskills	NN	eng	eng
grantham	PM NOM	eng	eng
udominate	VB	eng	eng
chaska	PM NOM	eng	eng
boiled	JJ POS	eng	eng
permeated	JJ POS	eng	eng
conifer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cubists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
staircases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
palfrey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
normally	AB	eng	eng
starkey	PM NOM	eng	eng
sanctities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thinking	VB ING	eng	eng
glutamine	NN 	eng	eng
homecoming	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
watersheds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inspired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mouse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brookner	PM NOM	eng	eng
striping	VB	eng	eng
tames	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
flavouring	VB	eng	eng
patterning	VB ING	eng	eng
includes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
uncover	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
counties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recollections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remuneration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antibiotic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eagly	PM NOM	eng	eng
itemisation	NN	eng	eng
assistive	JJ POS	eng	eng
isolating	VB ING	eng	eng
attunements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insurances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
voucher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phil's	PM GEN	eng	eng
grou	PM NOM	eng	eng
actualization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trafficking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lyndsays	PM GEN	eng	eng
favourable	JJ POS	eng	eng
survivor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blueblood	PM NOM	eng	eng
criminological	JJ POS	eng	eng
maroulis	PM NOM	eng	eng
necessity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
frontally	AB	eng	eng
acclaiming	VB ING	eng	eng
selector	NN	eng	eng
hooke	PM NOM	eng	eng
centimetres	NN PLU	eng	eng
compliancerisk	NN	eng	eng
reactions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meticulously	AB	eng	eng
neoliberalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unendingly	AB	eng	eng
buyers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
runners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
removals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dominated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
padding	VB	eng	eng
iar	PM NOM	eng	eng
graduate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aside	AB	eng	eng
existentially	AB	eng	eng
yardsticks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vibrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brushed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unsolicitedly	AB	eng	eng
functionalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ruminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
terrors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
workmanship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unsupportive	JJ	eng	eng
breakfastclub	NN	eng	eng
dougie	NN	eng	eng
scrutinises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
annexations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bonus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fences	NN	eng	eng
pseudonym	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pitcairn	PM NOM	eng	eng
insisted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mortgages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perrysodes	PM NOM	eng	eng
18-month	NN	eng	eng
markham's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shootout	NN	eng	eng
disabling	VB ING	eng	eng
banished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tossing	VB ING	eng	eng
lyric	JJ POS	eng	eng
child-parent	NN	eng	eng
passport	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fixed-role	JJ	eng	eng
trade-offs	N PLU	eng	eng
similarly	AB	eng	eng
repair	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
flairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consumer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
inability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
service's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
bureaus	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undesired	JJ POS	eng	eng
dewy	PM NOM	eng	eng
consortia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burgin	PM NOM	eng	eng
coogans	PM GEN	eng	eng
trailblazers	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
enlargement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uninhibitedly	AB	eng	eng
mindedly	AB	eng	eng
nonesuch	AB	eng	eng
erotically	AB	eng	eng
pledges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
proclaiming	VB ING	eng	eng
gopro	PM NOM	eng	eng
repented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mustard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advocating	VB ING	eng	eng
amity	PM NOM	eng	eng
newenger	PM NOM	eng	eng
heath's	PM GEN	eng	eng
giggle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
blue-collars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mchugh	PM NOM	eng	eng
habit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scare	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
recorded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
surfin	VB	eng	eng
birdland	PM NOM	eng	eng
erases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shippey	PM NOM	eng	eng
nailing	VB	eng	eng
centralism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
13th	JJ POS	eng	eng
upscale	JJ POS	eng	eng
joyner	PM NOM	eng	eng
united's	PM GEN	eng	eng
halliwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
stupidly	AB	eng	eng
poledancing	NN	eng	eng
blackjack	PM NOM	eng	eng
beds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preceding	VB ING	eng	eng
dugdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
widening	VB ING	eng	eng
fund	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
racy	JJ	eng	eng
rolled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
downfalls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fossils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leacock	PM NOM	eng	eng
glazes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macrae	PM NOM	eng	eng
preferencial	JJ	eng	eng
eastvale's	PM GEN	eng	eng
conjecturally	AB	eng	eng
initiation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decalogues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
darknesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ockham	PM NOM	eng	eng
sumptuously	AB	eng	eng
dialogues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unknown	JJ POS	eng	eng
can	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
menaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anatomically	AB	eng	eng
improves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
metacognition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
order	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
evaluations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
egovernment	NN	eng	eng
debriefing	VB ING	eng	eng
noble	JJ	eng	eng
malibu's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ministerially	AB	eng	eng
neurosciences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consciences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
partially	AB	eng	eng
absurd	JJ POS	eng	eng
encapsulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
flashing	VB ING	eng	eng
ultra	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-stimulatory	NN	eng	eng
law-making	VB ING	eng	eng
novelty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exalted	JJ POS	eng	eng
description	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
domesticates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
adjucation	NN	eng	eng
exemplifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anthropologically	AB	eng	eng
intoxications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
judgment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
florida's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ministering	VB	eng	eng
kebbell	PM NOM	eng	eng
consolidate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
anesthesias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tyre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
typically	AB	eng	eng
repetition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
catastrophising	JJ	eng	eng
prohibiting	VB ING	eng	eng
ritualistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
slow-reacting	VB ING	eng	eng
contriving	VB ING	eng	eng
jim	PM NOM	eng	eng
ripe	JJ POS	eng	eng
straightforward	JJ POS	eng	eng
blames	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
vis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transcended	VB PAP	eng	eng
williamsburgs	PM NOM	eng	eng
behind	PP	eng	eng
junk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subsets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bragg's	PM GEN	eng	eng
disapprove	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
peaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
watercourse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dinklage	PM NOM	eng	eng
glyndebourne	PM NOM	eng	eng
flattened	JJ POS	eng	eng
gennies	PM NOM	eng	eng
nothingness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncomplicated	JJ POS	eng	eng
regulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
vibrant	JJ POS	eng	eng
ethnographer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
co-operated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
crowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
alternative	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
runs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
burr	PM NOM	eng	eng
unique	JJ POS	eng	eng
strictest	JJ	eng	eng
carole's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tenderness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
openly	AB	eng	eng
hawthon	PM NOM	eng	eng
conservation	JJ POS	eng	eng
grusin	PM NOM	eng	eng
careeres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uneasily	AB	eng	eng
riding	VB ING	eng	eng
state-building	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
groundworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dearly	AB	eng	eng
psychoville	PM NOM	eng	eng
rother's	PM GEN	eng	eng
madly	AB	eng	eng
disembedding	VB	eng	eng
forrestgate	PM NOM	eng	eng
pernicious	JJ POS	eng	eng
spruces	PM GEN	eng	eng
jeans	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
basie	PM NOM	eng	eng
sixteenth-century	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fetching	VB ING	eng	eng
cheech	NN	eng	eng
treasurer	NN	eng	eng
bagels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expectancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
offensively	AB	eng	eng
sender	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
birdwhistell	PM NOM	eng	eng
sandbox	NN	eng	eng
entertainer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lagged	JJ POS	eng	eng
highland's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shohet's	PM GEN	eng	eng
subcortically	AB	eng	eng
astray	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
antagonist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newby	PM NOM	eng	eng
passive	JJ POS	eng	eng
psychosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contiguous	JJ POS	eng	eng
rises	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
journeymen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
musgraves	PM GEN	eng	eng
distorting	VB ING	eng	eng
highway's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pacifism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coldplay's	PM GEN	eng	eng
restrict	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bioscience	NN	eng	eng
timetables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nagle's	PM GEN	eng	eng
charnae	PM NOM	eng	eng
throw	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
flashcards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
china	PM NOM	eng	eng
succumbs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
golds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undertook	VB PST	eng	eng
explicable	JJ POS	eng	eng
tenures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mandated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcliam	PM NOM	eng	eng
stayed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
threads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
implanted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rainbowcake	NN	eng	eng
ernest	PM NOM	eng	eng
suppliers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
solicitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heap	PM NOM	eng	eng
california's	PM GEN	eng	eng
items	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prizes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
caseload	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spoon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cockell	PM NOM	eng	eng
immunizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rejoice	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fulfils	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cavities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crisises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coffeemate	NN	eng	eng
danced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
adorns	VB	eng	eng
lures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
devises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adversary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
capitalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
particular	JJ POS	eng	eng
rocking	VB ING	eng	eng
classed	JJ POS	eng	eng
empathic	JJ POS	eng	eng
exchanges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scaffold	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jfk:s	PM GEN	eng	eng
crusted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
simulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
playmate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
softwood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sledges	PM GEN	eng	eng
wonabee	PM NOM	eng	eng
hew	PM NOM	eng	eng
integrity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retroactively	AB	eng	eng
maylor	PM NOM	eng	eng
goldberg	PM NOM	eng	eng
recombinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
licorice	NN	eng	eng
landmark	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pitchford	PM NOM	eng	eng
grasping	VB ING	eng	eng
letting	VB ING	eng	eng
levers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rapporteur	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
left-right	JJ POS	eng	eng
seagal	PM NOM	eng	eng
debated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
droves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contaminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enriched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
invents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mimesis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
showcase	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beautytown	NN	eng	eng
thanet	PM NOM	eng	eng
extrinsic	JJ POS	eng	eng
quran	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corporation's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
modems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
witness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rejoinder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
balconies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impurities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entices	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
maximising	VB ING	eng	eng
darweish	PM NOM	eng	eng
reappraisals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
southpaw	NN	eng	eng
realisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
structuralisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
handshake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
custodians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rains	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
guesses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
briefings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trend	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enviroment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whittemore	PM NOM	eng	eng
avenged	PM NOM	eng	eng
scented	VB	eng	eng
africa's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hanley	PM NOM	eng	eng
lend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
imposing	VB ING	eng	eng
limitless	JJ POS	eng	eng
utility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drapery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stiffly	AB	eng	eng
invokes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
paraphernalia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thrusting	VB	eng	eng
white-blouse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alien	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stand-alone	JJ POS	eng	eng
crace	PM NOM	eng	eng
e-business	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'kelly	PM NOM	eng	eng
low-income	JJ POS	eng	eng
chelah	PM NOM	eng	eng
creasy	PM NOM	eng	eng
purities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
feature-rich	JJ POS	eng	eng
searight	PM NOM	eng	eng
breckinridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
fagans	PM NOM	eng	eng
introducing	VB ING	eng	eng
inexorably	AB	eng	eng
belfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
seducing	VB ING	eng	eng
ambiance	NN	eng	eng
ride-iculous	PM NOM	eng	eng
directiveness	NN	eng	eng
screams	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
edutainment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hype	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newland	PM NOM	eng	eng
he's	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
aphasia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
remarked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
left-brain	NN	eng	eng
crank	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
summation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
joints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
busher	PM NOM	eng	eng
wizo	PM NOM	eng	eng
impair	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hayward's	PM GEN	eng	eng
breeding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enthusiast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expensively	AB	eng	eng
countered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mervyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
quantities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inconveniently	AB	eng	eng
steals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
heroines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pragmatist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colonial	JJ POS	eng	eng
duffys	PM GEN	eng	eng
unstirred	JJ	eng	eng
hideaway	NN	eng	eng
lanktree	PM NOM	eng	eng
evocative	JJ POS	eng	eng
graphed	JJ	eng	eng
oxygens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hindrance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surnames	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dyeing	VB ING	eng	eng
dreamer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undercut	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
frustrating	VB ING	eng	eng
tour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imperialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
correction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trespass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spillovers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
formulae	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
piety	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
euroform	PM NOM	eng	eng
allaying	VB ING	eng	eng
spiritualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
become	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
renaissances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tortured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
angeles	PM NOM	eng	eng
feasible	JJ POS	eng	eng
alliances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
invalidation	NN	eng	eng
sorcerer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
flattered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
trainers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appendixes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sparked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
glymor	PM NOM	eng	eng
compasses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ivories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
authenticity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hi-hat	NN	eng	eng
repeats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
belgian	JJ POS	eng	eng
idealized	JJ POS	eng	eng
microscopic	JJ POS	eng	eng
studebaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
territorialities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
synchronous	JJ POS	eng	eng
ingrown	JJ	eng	eng
completes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gulf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dues	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sacked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shandon	PM NOM	eng	eng
ears	NN	eng	eng
typing	VB ING	eng	eng
hackstable	PM NOM	eng	eng
hostility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bradlee	PM NOM	eng	eng
joann	PM NOM	eng	eng
highlife	NN	eng	eng
strategizing	VB ING	eng	eng
depicted	JJ POS	eng	eng
flanks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
self-reflexively	AB	eng	eng
file	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apperception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
declares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
astronaut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stoneisle	PM NOM	eng	eng
imprecise	JJ POS	eng	eng
keith	PM NOM	eng	eng
wimer	PM NOM	eng	eng
crushed	JJ POS	eng	eng
nalebuff	PM NOM	eng	eng
pro	JJ POS	eng	eng
reshaping	VB ING	eng	eng
pleasence	PM NOM	eng	eng
reorganizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
admissibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
garrison	PM NOM	eng	eng
uganda's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stationed	JJ POS	eng	eng
musculoskeletal	JJ POS	eng	eng
symbolism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
17-year-old	JJ	eng	eng
dyadic	JJ POS	eng	eng
non-human	JJ POS	eng	eng
stackpole	PM NOM	eng	eng
victimized	JJ POS	eng	eng
charting	VB ING	eng	eng
insiders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appleby	PM NOM	eng	eng
motive	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ward	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
playground	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eclectic	JJ POS	eng	eng
reformists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
garfinkel	PM NOM	eng	eng
unworked	JJ POS	eng	eng
tones	NN	eng	eng
curbing	VB ING	eng	eng
allure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
revolutionize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
yield	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
glenbogles	PM GEN	eng	eng
dieseases	NN	eng	eng
uninterestingly	AB	eng	eng
evoked	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sift	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
concealed	JJ POS	eng	eng
bounties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nationalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dullaghan	PM NOM	eng	eng
cabbagetown	PM NOM	eng	eng
videotaped	JJ POS	eng	eng
rethorical	JJ POS	eng	eng
genteel	JJ POS	eng	eng
cloudscape	PM NOM	eng	eng
metamorphosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dim	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deviants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fairytopia	PM NOM	eng	eng
lianne	PM NOM	eng	eng
schizotypy	NN	eng	eng
odd	JJ POS	eng	eng
rowlands	PM NOM	eng	eng
institutionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
methadone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kilian	PM NOM	eng	eng
marly	PM NOM	eng	eng
expanded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
victoriously	AB	eng	eng
neighboring	VB ING	eng	eng
serums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stand	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
notepad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
routinization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whelan	PM NOM	eng	eng
aggravated	JJ POS	eng	eng
embarrassments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
what	PN	eng	eng
reinforcement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faircloughs	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-physical	JJ POS	eng	eng
contrasting	VB ING	eng	eng
yearly	AB	eng	eng
relativistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
rudest	JJ	eng	eng
girl	PM NOM	eng	eng
democratized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tustin	PM NOM	eng	eng
garbage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
withdrawns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
localisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unwilling	JJ POS	eng	eng
disconfirms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pharmac.	AB	eng	eng
bagle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sliding	VB ING	eng	eng
smartcards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
airports	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
audrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
advertised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
discerns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
newsnight	NN	eng	eng
acids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
micro-levels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
godparents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dudgeon	PM NOM	eng	eng
conceptualizing	VB ING	eng	eng
stagnation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impulsive	JJ POS	eng	eng
sectioned	VB PRT	eng	eng
hinson	PM NOM	eng	eng
creigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
carol's	PM GEN	eng	eng
woodenly	AB	eng	eng
wall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tierney	PM NOM	eng	eng
northvolts	PM GEN	eng	eng
haldane	PM NOM	eng	eng
communists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
henceforth	AB	eng	eng
contempts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accounted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
herlsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
disgusted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
slacking	VB ING	eng	eng
insured	JJ POS	eng	eng
kinky	PM NOM	eng	eng
supported	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
debatable	JJ POS	eng	eng
deafblindness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inquired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ridley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
programmings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overhauling	VB ING	eng	eng
brainwashing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pollutants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
headline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beneath	PP	eng	eng
radley	PM NOM	eng	eng
bachelor's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
chafing	VB	eng	eng
hawk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
x-ray	NN	eng	eng
pygmy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heating	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worklinks	PM NOM	eng	eng
fainting	VB ING	eng	eng
adaptability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macfadyen	PM NOM	eng	eng
maniac	NN	eng	eng
manaforts	PM GEN	eng	eng
enrolls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
microstructures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tancock	PM NOM	eng	eng
power	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tamblyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
domino	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
personhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
itsibitsy	JJ	eng	eng
deprince	PM NOM	eng	eng
fluctuated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
suboptimal	JJ POS	eng	eng
knights	PM NOM	eng	eng
circle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knighton	PM NOM	eng	eng
unobtrusive	JJ POS	eng	eng
isaac	PM NOM	eng	eng
seminally	AB	eng	eng
rushes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
buttoned	VB	eng	eng
bossy	JJ	eng	eng
interstitially	AB	eng	eng
work-life	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cleft	NN	eng	eng
explicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
starfire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
labourers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-systems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bedtimes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remaking	VB ING	eng	eng
brightly	AB	eng	eng
toddling	VB ING	eng	eng
mears	PM NOM	eng	eng
gregorian	JJ POS	eng	eng
bean	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
batches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
directors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oligarchies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
endless	JJ POS	eng	eng
affects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
swingcolor	PM NOM	eng	eng
unrestrainedly	AB	eng	eng
paies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ferngully	PM NOM	eng	eng
gallagher	PM NOM	eng	eng
incline	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
converted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ambiguity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quotation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shielded	VB PAP	eng	eng
bramwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
argumentative	JJ POS	eng	eng
awarding	VB ING	eng	eng
pat	PM NOM	eng	eng
southfork	PM NOM	eng	eng
christological	JJ POS	eng	eng
bridgehead	PM NOM	eng	eng
environment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bakewells	PM GEN	eng	eng
detaching	VB ING	eng	eng
dillahunt	PM NOM	eng	eng
runnicles	NN	eng	eng
proficiency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anyone	PN	eng	eng
linked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
profit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feelgood	NN	eng	eng
russia	PM NOM	eng	eng
hermaphrodite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
courtiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
satan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ebook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
masteries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sensible	JJ POS	eng	eng
shares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
thirteenth-century	JJ POS	eng	eng
behaviorist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
panties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insecure	JJ POS	eng	eng
funnyline	PM NOM	eng	eng
conference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wonder	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sergeant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bacalls	PM GEN	eng	eng
radclyffe	PM NOM	eng	eng
netdoor	NN	eng	eng
video-game	NN	eng	eng
deceased	JJ POS	eng	eng
searching	VB ING	eng	eng
breathless	JJ	eng	eng
vineyard	PM NOM	eng	eng
risky	JJ POS	eng	eng
cuddy	PM NOM	eng	eng
low-wage	JJ POS	eng	eng
churchman	PM NOM	eng	eng
described	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hoag	PM NOM	eng	eng
rose	PM NOM	eng	eng
medium-sized	JJ POS	eng	eng
deviances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
traitements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harmon	PM NOM	eng	eng
cannell	PM NOM	eng	eng
rallying	VB ING	eng	eng
subchurch	NN	eng	eng
subsidized	VB PAP	eng	eng
manch	AB	eng	eng
regain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ropes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intranets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hardingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
reeve	PM NOM	eng	eng
instinctively	AB	eng	eng
promotes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contemporaneity	NN	eng	eng
tactical	JJ POS	eng	eng
laffey	PM NOM	eng	eng
preaches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dismisses	VB HSI	eng	eng
terminals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bacterias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spawn	VB lang:fre	eng	eng
davey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
laytown	PM NOM	eng	eng
cleanliness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coalescing	VB ING	eng	eng
sit-to-stand	NN	eng	eng
clandestine	JJ POS	eng	eng
chatted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
immobilely	AB	eng	eng
amended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inadequately	AB	eng	eng
author's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
industrializations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discourage	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jelly	NN	eng	eng
babyshower	NN UTR PLU IND NOM	eng	eng
looping	VB ING	eng	eng
corporeally	AB	eng	eng
sothebys	PM GEN	eng	eng
threatened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
non-compliance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roadblocks	NN PLU	eng	eng
handyside	NN	eng	eng
chromebooks	PM GEN	eng	eng
soaked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
madison's	PM GEN	eng	eng
yew	PM NOM	eng	eng
halved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
extremes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revisionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shuttle	NN	eng	eng
happy	JJ POS	eng	eng
else	KN	eng	eng
squire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcloughlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
veshaundra	PM NOM	eng	eng
fictitiously	AB	eng	eng
principle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broader	JJ KOM	eng	eng
redrafting	VB	eng	eng
emerald	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proficient	JJ POS	eng	eng
sneaker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
springsteen	PM NOM	eng	eng
cahalan	PM NOM	eng	eng
trainor	PM NOM	eng	eng
archaeological	JJ POS	eng	eng
whereby	AB	eng	eng
jew	PM NOM	eng	eng
working-paper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blackwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
biologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pausing	VB	eng	eng
positional	JJ POS	eng	eng
cumberland	PM NOM	eng	eng
sociologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
produced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
imitator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doesn	VB	eng	eng
ravaged	JJ POS	eng	eng
video-taped	JJ POS	eng	eng
volume	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
desires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
towler	PM NOM	eng	eng
feed-back	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plundering	VB ING	eng	eng
by	PP	eng	eng
provincial	JJ POS	eng	eng
paradigmatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
both	KN	eng	eng
deadline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
middle-classes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carwithen	PM NOM	eng	eng
conserves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
encyclopedias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
located	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
vignettes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kidneys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
paucity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
descriptor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bodices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unexpectedly	AB	eng	eng
noteworthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
embarks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
jayden	PM NOM	eng	eng
paediatric	JJ	eng	eng
credential	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skewness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-deceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coleridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
synagogues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bulb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
episurf	PM NOM	eng	eng
shallot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sultan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stunningly	AB	eng	eng
longings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swelling	VB ING	eng	eng
lumberjacks	PM NOM	eng	eng
secession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eastwoods	PM GEN	eng	eng
pervading	VB ING	eng	eng
longworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
hearers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teamed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
brace	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcelhone	PM NOM	eng	eng
inflicting	VB ING	eng	eng
on-line	JJ POS	eng	eng
northern	JJ POS	eng	eng
quicklook	PM NOM	eng	eng
upset	JJ POS	eng	eng
huzzerd	PM NOM	eng	eng
shearsmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
carbide	PM NOM	eng	eng
closely	AB	eng	eng
southwest	AB	eng	eng
amalgams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bloodstains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cistercian	PM NOM	eng	eng
handball	NN	eng	eng
lovecroft	PM NOM	eng	eng
bicycled	VB	eng	eng
brickhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
swapping	VB ING	eng	eng
stuard	PM NOM	eng	eng
jocelyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
rhinos	NN PLU	eng	eng
realists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sleepiness	NN	eng	eng
kills	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
commercialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
squeeze	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
packed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
briannon	PM NOM	eng	eng
skillful	JJ POS	eng	eng
bully	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
roxbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
kitsch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subjection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monotheisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
foots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
persistently	AB	eng	eng
dissenting	VB ING	eng	eng
laborers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clutterbuck	PM NOM	eng	eng
incompetences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evasions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vertigos	PM GEN	eng	eng
specializations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sapphire	NN	eng	eng
meter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unhindered	JJ POS	eng	eng
timebomb	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
synthesizing	VB ING	eng	eng
autopsies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shouted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
q-med	PM NOM	eng	eng
thrones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
disaffection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anticipation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
activations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
messianic	JJ POS	eng	eng
deceiving	VB ING	eng	eng
blew	VB PST	eng	eng
spatula	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unreliable	JJ POS	eng	eng
alluded	VB PAP	eng	eng
illegalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
makeup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dogboys	NN	eng	eng
helvey	PM NOM	eng	eng
copenhell	PM NOM	eng	eng
decipher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expenditures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nuts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
provided	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
langsmeade	PM NOM	eng	eng
t-score	NN	eng	eng
quebase	PM NOM	eng	eng
minimalization	NN	eng	eng
conspirator	NN	eng	eng
complicatedly	AB	eng	eng
venturers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
storm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
genes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dissipates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reactors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ruling	VB ING	eng	eng
flowers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
adjusted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
abusers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heathcotes	PM NOM	eng	eng
language	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seattle	PM NOM	eng	eng
gregory	PM NOM	eng	eng
above	PP	eng	eng
hogsmeade	PM NOM	eng	eng
stability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obese	JJ POS	eng	eng
repulsive	JJ POS	eng	eng
tinney	PM NOM	eng	eng
highschool	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
designer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emigrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
postanesthesia	NN	eng	eng
salines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
busby	PM NOM	eng	eng
member-states	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
judiciously	AB	eng	eng
breakage	NN	eng	eng
existence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
profiling	VB ING	eng	eng
sceneries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detailed	JJ POS	eng	eng
dishonestly	AB	eng	eng
self-doubt	NN	eng	eng
hormone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
till	AB	eng	eng
irwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
human-centered	JJ POS	eng	eng
asked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
crafting	VB ING	eng	eng
browder	PM NOM	eng	eng
recognized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
altar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arrive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
windtalkers	PM NOM	eng	eng
feudalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
casie	PM NOM	eng	eng
here-and-now	AB	eng	eng
kissing	VB ING	eng	eng
i-road	PM NOM	eng	eng
physicists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
banfords	PM GEN	eng	eng
speak	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
analysed	JJ POS	eng	eng
conveys	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pitch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waterways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sausages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thorne	PM NOM	eng	eng
australasia	PM NOM	eng	eng
substantives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dogs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
charlie	PM NOM	eng	eng
resale	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
redefining	VB ING	eng	eng
accuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
timesunion	PM NOM	eng	eng
biographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tabloids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distal	JJ POS	eng	eng
finding	VB ING	eng	eng
antiwar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
digests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trauma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marshawn	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccains	PM GEN	eng	eng
hanslip	PM NOM	eng	eng
celebrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
apolitical	JJ POS	eng	eng
fruits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spotting	VB ING	eng	eng
solo	JJ POS	eng	eng
multinational	JJ POS	eng	eng
grading	VB ING	eng	eng
bolsheviks	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
company's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
one-to-ones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccandliss	PM NOM	eng	eng
mayberry's	PM GEN	eng	eng
musselwhite	PM NOM	eng	eng
inflamed	JJ POS	eng	eng
window	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transistor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bonking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
zinc	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distressed	JJ POS	eng	eng
dining	VB ING	eng	eng
totalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
win-win	JJ POS	eng	eng
immigrated	VB PRT	eng	eng
nazism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skeletons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
candles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
market-place	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
padmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
practised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
queues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waterfall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
madges	PM GEN	eng	eng
anthems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
punisher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hues	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
booklets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remade	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gonadal	JJ	eng	eng
allsburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
stanstorp	PM NOM	eng	eng
mercy	PM NOM	eng	eng
abovementioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
metaphysic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
housekeepers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
manpower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
falsehoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glamour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seagulls	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
ban	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
catherine	PM NOM	eng	eng
let's	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
punitively	AB	eng	eng
industrialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-protective	NN	eng	eng
urbanisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exaggerate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
coordination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subject's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
earbooks	PM NOM	eng	eng
clucas	PM NOM	eng	eng
newells	PM GEN	eng	eng
foundationalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pulse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shabby	JJ POS	eng	eng
solubility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grander	JJ KOM	eng	eng
squadrons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wickedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dplay	PM NOM	eng	eng
aggregating	VB ING	eng	eng
waivers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tehachapi	PM NOM	eng	eng
clergymen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cupcake	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
churchs	PM NOM	eng	eng
approvals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uprooted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sat	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sceptically	AB	eng	eng
trumpcare	PM NOM	eng	eng
coitus	NN	eng	eng
onecoins	NN	eng	eng
happygangster	NN	eng	eng
geographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
explication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oldby	PM NOM	eng	eng
unlearns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hanbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
exterminators	PM NOM	eng	eng
cross-sections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
arid	JJ POS	eng	eng
lindzey	PM NOM	eng	eng
cloudy	JJ POS	eng	eng
connotation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
him	PN	eng	eng
wheaton	PM NOM	eng	eng
tilby	PM NOM	eng	eng
russel	PM NOM	eng	eng
turf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legalizer	NN	eng	eng
recklessly	AB	eng	eng
burtin	PM NOM	eng	eng
twenty-three	RG	eng	eng
rountree	PM NOM	eng	eng
river	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wastes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
swingin	PM NOM	eng	eng
earners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kimsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
mansbridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
randle	PM NOM	eng	eng
penances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cultured	JJ POS	eng	eng
conjures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
television's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
shamed	VB PRT	eng	eng
a	DT	eng	eng
patriotism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deregulates	VB	eng	eng
nowhereland	PM NOM	eng	eng
normality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
notte	PM NOM	eng	eng
autobiographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcguinn	PM NOM	eng	eng
shockley	PM NOM	eng	eng
although	AB	eng	eng
spreadsheet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entrepreneurially	AB	eng	eng
nottingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
oprah	PM NOM	eng	eng
observational	JJ POS	eng	eng
trousers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bigwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
catherines	PM GEN	eng	eng
haywire	PM NOM	eng	eng
reposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
came	VB PST	eng	eng
taxpayers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
validating	VB ING	eng	eng
treadwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
internalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
falsehood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
viz	PP	eng	eng
propriety	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'rahilly	PM NOM	eng	eng
bone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
significances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teddy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unemployment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leveling	VB ING	eng	eng
preview	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glassdoor	NN	eng	eng
reveres	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
purported	JJ POS	eng	eng
neighbor's	NN GEN	eng	eng
stern	PM NOM	eng	eng
gum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coca-colonization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dragging	VB ING	eng	eng
johnston	PM NOM	eng	eng
misperception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
client-treatment	NN	eng	eng
insufficiencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
divides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
picture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greeley	PM NOM	eng	eng
all-encompassing	VB ING	eng	eng
even's	PM GEN	eng	eng
vexed	JJ POS	eng	eng
keenly	AB	eng	eng
pre-industrial	JJ POS	eng	eng
upsets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quarter	NN	eng	eng
sparingly	AB	eng	eng
transferability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fervently	AB	eng	eng
sublimely	AB	eng	eng
deafness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
secret	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bumped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
diminish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gogogo	PM NOM	eng	eng
peer-education	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discussion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
participative	JJ POS	eng	eng
locks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
manufacturer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
weddings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conditional	JJ POS	eng	eng
filter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dramatised	VB PRT	eng	eng
kingmaker	NN	eng	eng
neoclassical	JJ POS	eng	eng
rhino	NN	eng	eng
oswalt	PM NOM	eng	eng
subscales	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reenactments	NN PLU	eng	eng
unsound	JJ POS	eng	eng
battlefields	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allphones	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenwhich	PM NOM	eng	eng
tidal	JJ	eng	eng
televisual	JJ POS	eng	eng
stormbreaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
seductive	JJ POS	eng	eng
premises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prepare	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
realism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
physicist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disseminates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
crossed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
insects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pedagogical	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stylistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
unbundled	JJ POS	eng	eng
feudalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wanderers	PM NOM	eng	eng
reasserts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
meters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pregnant	JJ POS	eng	eng
newslet	PM NOM	eng	eng
atomistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
q-meds	PM GEN	eng	eng
condict	PM NOM	eng	eng
adversities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fundamentals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weep	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
peyton	PM NOM	eng	eng
muddled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
encoded	JJ POS	eng	eng
elaborated	JJ POS	eng	eng
lapsewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
taoists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fittest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
incarcerations	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dionysian	JJ POS	eng	eng
broadcastings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
triadic	JJ POS	eng	eng
emptiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cylinders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
learnit	PM NOM	eng	eng
storms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waterfalls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eat	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
erythrocyte	NN	eng	eng
alcohols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
struggles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
decolonising	VB ING	eng	eng
hooper's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcgregor	PM NOM	eng	eng
summery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lagerthas	PM GEN	eng	eng
contingently	AB	eng	eng
weekday	NN	eng	eng
lockwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
cocktails	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oppositional	JJ POS	eng	eng
reciprocates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
farm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
regionalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commuting	VB ING	eng	eng
communities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
criminologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bolshevik	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
your	PN	eng	eng
condemnations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greased	VB	eng	eng
journeywoman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appleton-century-crofts	PM NOM	eng	eng
cork's	PM GEN	eng	eng
reorient	VB	eng	eng
attend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
registry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
celebrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dampen	VB PAP	eng	eng
sequestrated	JJ POS	eng	eng
delight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
altars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ovens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
docilely	AB	eng	eng
moonrise	NN	eng	eng
interviewees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paying	VB ING	eng	eng
yogurts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goodluck	PM NOM	eng	eng
gestalts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sculptor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
selectivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diversify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
capping	NN	eng	eng
life	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newitems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jurist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resulting	VB ING	eng	eng
preoccupations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
destabilized	VB PAP	eng	eng
conceptualized	JJ POS	eng	eng
anal	JJ POS	eng	eng
transgressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
woolcot	PM NOM	eng	eng
overjoyed	JJ	eng	eng
sealand's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sheldon	PM NOM	eng	eng
dyslexias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
worcestershire	PM NOM	eng	eng
downtown	AB	eng	eng
upwards	AB	eng	eng
genecentered	Jj	eng	eng
speaks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hardships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mentorship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stoned	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-respect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
southwests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vitamins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
existences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
asia's	PM GEN	eng	eng
embodied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
collar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freeman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
allocations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
post-structuralism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rawl	PM NOM	eng	eng
trims	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
demanding	VB ING	eng	eng
co-existence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prouder	JJ	eng	eng
shyer	PM NOM	eng	eng
troubled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
moriarity	PM NOM	eng	eng
dressmakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
social-cognitively	AB	eng	eng
heathcote	PM NOM	eng	eng
relied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fruit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
french's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bulletins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hill	PM NOM	eng	eng
levied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
injuring	VB	eng	eng
hubbell	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissipate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
renunciations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
madge	PM NOM	eng	eng
unload	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unlisted	JJ	eng	eng
cockshott	PM NOM	eng	eng
reconstructively	AB	eng	eng
rations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
egalitarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
venture	NN	eng	eng
arising	VB ING	eng	eng
shelling	VB	eng	eng
envisaged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
blankets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
admires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
beith	PM NOM	eng	eng
interpenetration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strict	JJ POS	eng	eng
stomach	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
queue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uxu	PM NOM	eng	eng
imprecision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
momentarily	AB	eng	eng
mercuiser	PM NOM	eng	eng
massages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lurch	PM NOM	eng	eng
beerexpo	PM NOM	eng	eng
feed-backs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pre-schools	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oakley	PM NOM	eng	eng
behavior-genetic	JJ	eng	eng
embargo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
connells	PM GEN	eng	eng
effeminates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
equated	JJ POS	eng	eng
waning	VB ING	eng	eng
pars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-examinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inferred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
internal	JJ POS	eng	eng
bewildering	VB ING	eng	eng
biobehavioral	JJ	eng	eng
winhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
mushed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
matrimonial	JJ POS	eng	eng
fins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spurlock	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccorory	PM NOM	eng	eng
sentence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
principles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cord	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
precolonial	JJ POS	eng	eng
boundaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backcountry	PM NOM	eng	eng
pulses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carrie	PM NOM	eng	eng
comparability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chatterbox	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
homelessness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decreasing	VB ING	eng	eng
kensington	PM NOM	eng	eng
lex	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deregistering	VB	eng	eng
milwaukee's	PM GEN	eng	eng
jimmy	PM NOM	eng	eng
payson	PM NOM	eng	eng
easterling	PM NOM	eng	eng
thicknesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inhuman	JJ POS	eng	eng
commenting	VB ING	eng	eng
increases	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
connected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
institutionalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
hushmail	NN	eng	eng
colby	PM NOM	eng	eng
secessions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
precepts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eucharistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
distinctively	AB	eng	eng
exdream	PM NOM	eng	eng
synagogue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forgets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cordingley	PM NOM	eng	eng
neater	JJ	eng	eng
keying	VB ING	eng	eng
rivers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dignity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waste	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
blockers	PM NOM	eng	eng
warhammer	PM NOM	eng	eng
fired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
charlotte	PM NOM	eng	eng
divorce	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acceptances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
replicated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rehabilitated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monkeybone	PM NOM	eng	eng
incisively	AB	eng	eng
discretionary	AB	eng	eng
wareham	PM NOM	eng	eng
amusedly	AB	eng	eng
macaulay	PM NOM	eng	eng
parsonian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
walnuts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
staynplace	PM NOM	eng	eng
undergoing	VB ING	eng	eng
lookahere	PM NOM	eng	eng
epidemiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
discursively	AB	eng	eng
musicians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
merriam-webster	PM NOM	eng	eng
bloodshed	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cholesterols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stand-to-sit	NN	eng	eng
landfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
imposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paltrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
agent's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
brookings	PM NOM	eng	eng
icebear	NN	eng	eng
mcfarlane	PM NOM	eng	eng
shumway	PM NOM	eng	eng
theologians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strapped	VB PRT	eng	eng
narrowly	AB	eng	eng
hereford	PM NOM	eng	eng
positivisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
warfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
halc-caste	NN SIN	eng	eng
antiarrhythmia	NN	eng	eng
pro-feminist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
odors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allstars	NN	eng	eng
enlightened	JJ POS	eng	eng
cavet	NN	eng	eng
comprehensively	AB	eng	eng
wordfeud	PM NOM	eng	eng
marsan	PM NOM	eng	eng
scrutinize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
holloway	PM NOM	eng	eng
flank	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pigeonhole	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
or	KN	eng	eng
identities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cleanup	NN	eng	eng
coolwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
egos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hyde	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonexistent	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'banion	PM NOM	eng	eng
reparations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychophysical	JJ POS	eng	eng
useable	JJ POS	eng	eng
vases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
schizophrenic	JJ POS	eng	eng
anti-racists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incongruences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
environmentally-driven	JJ POS	eng	eng
james	PM NOM	eng	eng
indecent	JJ POS	eng	eng
farage	PM NOM	eng	eng
celebration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
materializing	VB ING	eng	eng
adewale	PM NOM	eng	eng
through-out	PP	eng	eng
superordinate	JJ POS	eng	eng
replaces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
eagleton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
reimbursement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oase	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
daytraders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fancy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
adjudicating	VB ING	eng	eng
benches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
centuries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
philip's	PM GEN	eng	eng
applegate	PM NOM	eng	eng
inefficiencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
savannah	PM NOM	eng	eng
primitively	AB	eng	eng
demonstratively	AB	eng	eng
consecutively	AB	eng	eng
doubtlessly	AB	eng	eng
uptakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beef	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
felled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hygiene	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slashes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frew	PM NOM	eng	eng
devious	JJ	eng	eng
europe's	PM GEN	eng	eng
braindead	JJ POS	eng	eng
aquaponics	PM NOM	eng	eng
derivation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
integrally	AB	eng	eng
lochart	PM NOM	eng	eng
compensatory	AB	eng	eng
xechequer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faghag	NN	eng	eng
yields	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
abberline	PM NOM	eng	eng
keynesian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wranglers	PM GEN	eng	eng
topline	PM NOM	eng	eng
throttle	PM NOM	eng	eng
wrestled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
admirers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pollutant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stands	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
serum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mclelland	PM NOM	eng	eng
entered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
incurable	JJ	eng	eng
geoscience	NN	eng	eng
unsettlingly	AB	eng	eng
terminating	VB ING	eng	eng
puddle	NN	eng	eng
heels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
understanding	VB ING	eng	eng
high-speed	JJ POS	eng	eng
communist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
priti	PM NOM	eng	eng
cooperated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
calmed	VB	eng	eng
tilburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
guardians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jalt-publications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
staies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quotations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gallaghers	PM GEN	eng	eng
mchugo	PM NOM	eng	eng
chairman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cotton	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stirred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
authority	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inconceivable	JJ POS	eng	eng
failures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rawlinson	PM NOM	eng	eng
estrangements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
methane	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roseburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
strikingly	AB	eng	eng
aims	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
expeditions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broadcasters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
other's	PN GEN	eng	eng
undateables	NN	eng	eng
bagles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
explicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rheumatism	NN	eng	eng
processions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cruiser	NN	eng	eng
eightball	NN	eng	eng
encore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anti-retroviral	JJ	eng	eng
mcmoran	PM NOM	eng	eng
indictment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ultralight	JJ	eng	eng
plastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
coexists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
coercively	AB	eng	eng
emulating	VB ING	eng	eng
unplanned	JJ POS	eng	eng
taxis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interrogations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collectivization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
schizoids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
advising	VB ING	eng	eng
bi-fuel	NN	eng	eng
acoustics	NN	eng	eng
parlyaments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
norm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-protections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
homogenized	VB PAP	eng	eng
ride	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sutures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lexbase	PM NOM	eng	eng
maybridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
tractable	JJ	eng	eng
steeply	AB	eng	eng
newnes	PM NOM	eng	eng
juggle	VB	eng	eng
powers	PM NOM	eng	eng
diseases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neurotics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lookout	NN	eng	eng
birds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glenbogle	PM NOM	eng	eng
news	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unrestrictive	JJ	eng	eng
individualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
viewing	VB ING	eng	eng
stupidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weatherly	PM NOM	eng	eng
swedoor	PM NOM	eng	eng
lowcarb-highfat	PM NOM	eng	eng
blue-eyed	JJ	eng	eng
imperfect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
facades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abuse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reformist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
robotham	PM NOM	eng	eng
suspensions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
northvolt	PM NOM	eng	eng
reagans	PM GEN	eng	eng
ledger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
make-ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unsure	JJ POS	eng	eng
rarely	AB	eng	eng
summerhays	PM NOM	eng	eng
preach	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
godfrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
crease	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
petroglyph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reassignment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
godparent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
samurai	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smartcard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcbain	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-instructional	NN	eng	eng
deliberatively	AB	eng	eng
mcgovern	PM NOM	eng	eng
superintendency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alwyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
destruction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mahogany's	PM GEN	eng	eng
vitalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brilliant	JJ POS	eng	eng
bankings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
withdrawn	VB PAP	eng	eng
flatly	AB	eng	eng
publishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lifelessly	AB	eng	eng
mcchesney	PM NOM	eng	eng
booms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
symmetry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dotcom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
argent	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-traditionally	AB	eng	eng
factored	JJ POS	eng	eng
streetwise	AB	eng	eng
boothby	PM NOM	eng	eng
baby	PM NOM	eng	eng
ceo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leighton	PM NOM	eng	eng
parochialism	NN	eng	eng
experimentally	AB	eng	eng
share	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tight	JJ POS	eng	eng
milhouses	PM GEN	eng	eng
flagships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
folded	JJ POS	eng	eng
skifflegroup	PM NOM	eng	eng
obliterate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
metaphoric	JJ POS	eng	eng
printers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diverged	JJ POS	eng	eng
improperly	AB	eng	eng
anaesth	NN	eng	eng
real-libertarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ebooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relativist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
satans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
complying	VB ING	eng	eng
exceeded	VB PAP	eng	eng
churschills	PM GEN	eng	eng
affectionally	AB	eng	eng
neuropsychobiology	NN	eng	eng
spin-offs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chicago	PM NOM	eng	eng
cuddys	PM GEN	eng	eng
reenchantment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stark	JJ POS	eng	eng
mania	NN	eng	eng
drabbles	PM GEN	eng	eng
malls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remedially	AB	eng	eng
bills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
saying	VB ING	eng	eng
co-evolution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tagging	VB	eng	eng
o'flynn	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-changers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greenwood's	PM GEN	eng	eng
southwind	PM NOM	eng	eng
trinket	NN	eng	eng
immemorially	AB	eng	eng
assyrian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
austerity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preposterous	JJ POS	eng	eng
charming	PM NOM	eng	eng
symbolisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cascade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
attaining	VB ING	eng	eng
dreyfuss	PM GEN	eng	eng
compatriots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spontaneity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outmoded	VB PRT	eng	eng
grouping	VB ING	eng	eng
akomfrah	PM NOM	eng	eng
spurred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reeves	PM NOM	eng	eng
luther's	PM GEN	eng	eng
kaleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
branfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
quos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
notorious	JJ POS	eng	eng
shortens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
internationalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highwaymen	NN PLU	eng	eng
woodhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
cabergoline	PM NOM	eng	eng
i'll	VB	eng	eng
articulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
predictively	AB	eng	eng
ominous	JJ POS	eng	eng
gamerz	PM NOM	eng	eng
albanians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
astronauts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woollen	JJ POS	eng	eng
crashing	VB ING	eng	eng
implicated	JJ POS	eng	eng
haygarth	PM NOM	eng	eng
duo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resonate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
contradictory	AB	eng	eng
pieces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
references	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
damage	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
remedied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dawn-breakers	NN	eng	eng
tsar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cantwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
bearing	VB ING	eng	eng
heretofore	AB	eng	eng
subscale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
telegraphed	VB PRT	eng	eng
anomias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
canonical	JJ POS	eng	eng
swedish	JJ POS	eng	eng
greendales	PM NOM	eng	eng
redundancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quarrelled	VB PRT	eng	eng
won't	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
federal	JJ POS	eng	eng
remodeled	JJ	eng	eng
civilized	JJ POS	eng	eng
nutritionally	AB	eng	eng
carbons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
epic	JJ POS	eng	eng
redone	PM NOM	eng	eng
ask	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
crofters	PM GEN	eng	eng
wersching	PM NOM	eng	eng
eagle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prevent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
leavers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcdermott	PM NOM	eng	eng
reinvention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stressing	VB ING	eng	eng
reassert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
personification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
incoming	VB ING	eng	eng
freshly	AB	eng	eng
modulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colortheory	NN	eng	eng
mcgregors	PM GEN	eng	eng
inexplicable	JJ POS	eng	eng
consumerists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
struggle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chetty	PM NOM	eng	eng
arabia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rewriting	VB ING	eng	eng
encounter	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
invite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
greensted	PM NOM	eng	eng
severity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cavanagh	PM NOM	eng	eng
well	PM NOM	eng	eng
iommi	PM NOM	eng	eng
cylinder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
henson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
face	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fades	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
neglectful	JJ	eng	eng
hellenistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
bottles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
auger	PM NOM	eng	eng
browns	PM NOM	eng	eng
broward	PM NOM	eng	eng
earlscourt	PM NOM	eng	eng
cavern	NN	eng	eng
harmondsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
adverted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cheery	JJ	eng	eng
fijians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cocktail	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mountcastle	PM NOM	eng	eng
scaling	VB ING	eng	eng
corns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cooperatively	AB	eng	eng
solid	JJ POS	eng	eng
stadiums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-hatred	NN	eng	eng
shearmur	PM NOM	eng	eng
disconfirmation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
symbolization	NN	eng	eng
lagertha	PM NOM	eng	eng
prioritization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
executives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-reflectively	AB	eng	eng
illicitly	AB	eng	eng
remorse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rogues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swedich	JJ	eng	eng
surfs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
scientists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confirming	VB ING	eng	eng
translates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chapels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wonderfully	AB	eng	eng
boreout	PM NOM	eng	eng
swoosh	PM NOM	eng	eng
coiley	PM NOM	eng	eng
radiocarbon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hodgkin	PM NOM	eng	eng
comed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
raycroft	PM NOM	eng	eng
prenot	PM NOM	eng	eng
stimulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enclosures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sheet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crichlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
galbraith	PM NOM	eng	eng
essentialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cardiac	JJ POS	eng	eng
davislim	PM NOM	eng	eng
underemployment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
welby	PM NOM	eng	eng
kindnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sufi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
curts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doublets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
taxpayer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
engaging	VB ING	eng	eng
mined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
callaghan	PM NOM	eng	eng
bubbles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trombone	NN	eng	eng
relativism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
irrelevantly	AB	eng	eng
chunk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subjective	JJ POS	eng	eng
faulk's	PM GEN	eng	eng
conventional	JJ POS	eng	eng
entertainments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bilingually	AB	eng	eng
warsaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
caliph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
munslow	PM NOM	eng	eng
cherryholmes	PM NOM	eng	eng
walkout	NN	eng	eng
squares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gawler	PM NOM	eng	eng
perfume	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shool	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chartered	JJ POS	eng	eng
disturbance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insecurity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ecotourism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treading	VB	eng	eng
horizontal	JJ POS	eng	eng
dramas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcstay	PM NOM	eng	eng
hailey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
scratched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
whistling	VB	eng	eng
katy	PM NOM	eng	eng
multiparties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
patchett	PM NOM	eng	eng
reintegration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adhocracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
than	KN	eng	eng
notional	JJ POS	eng	eng
converging	VB ING	eng	eng
bars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recepy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
settler	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shipbuilding	VB ING	eng	eng
mentalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
remarriages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
generalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
totalitarianisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meritocratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
rebellious	JJ POS	eng	eng
demonstrator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nerves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
designated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jarvis	PM NOM	eng	eng
positivists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
misinterpreted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
authorisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pumped	VB PRT	eng	eng
greece	PM NOM	eng	eng
pretest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crawler	PM NOM	eng	eng
diagnosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
historian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
comforts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
geriatrics	NN	eng	eng
likes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
asserted	JJ POS	eng	eng
termite	NN	eng	eng
textured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
violently	AB	eng	eng
quakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fishy	JJ	eng	eng
continually	AB	eng	eng
kurdish	JJ POS	eng	eng
remnant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rack	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
vociferously	AB	eng	eng
self-recorder	NN	eng	eng
mccourt	PM NOM	eng	eng
characterising	VB ING	eng	eng
peel	PM NOM	eng	eng
diagonal	JJ POS	eng	eng
maciver	PM NOM	eng	eng
howson	PM NOM	eng	eng
novel's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
hazard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nongovernmental	JJ POS	eng	eng
spurlocks	PM GEN	eng	eng
remains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
staple	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sentences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tyrannies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monopolizing	VB ING	eng	eng
debtor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pratchetts	PM GEN	eng	eng
townsmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thyroid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enables	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
construals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corker	PM NOM	eng	eng
increase	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fragilely	AB	eng	eng
mindsets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shankman	PM NOM	eng	eng
stockton	PM NOM	eng	eng
intertherapy	NN	eng	eng
involuntary	AB	eng	eng
wrongfully	AB	eng	eng
mageean	PM NOM	eng	eng
hospitalised	JJ	eng	eng
extremists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
narrowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reith's	PM GEN	eng	eng
extractions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fulfillment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exported	JJ POS	eng	eng
coffin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
you'd	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tamarna	PM NOM	eng	eng
pranks	PM NOM	eng	eng
18-month-old	JJ	eng	eng
interrupt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
toxic	JJ POS	eng	eng
newark	PM NOM	eng	eng
needfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consolidated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
submitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gesture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcclintock	PM NOM	eng	eng
o'malley	PM NOM	eng	eng
detained	JJ POS	eng	eng
synchronic	JJ POS	eng	eng
ythan	PM NOM	eng	eng
sculptors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
purple	JJ POS	eng	eng
murderous	JJ POS	eng	eng
biotech	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gamblers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
selling	VB ING	eng	eng
whiston	PM NOM	eng	eng
daddy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
formatively	AB	eng	eng
aide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kinship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
partners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eastern	PM NOM	eng	eng
disjunction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seasoning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unforgiven	JJ	eng	eng
acquaintance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hardship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
circumvented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unilaterally	AB	eng	eng
sweets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detoxification	NN	eng	eng
kerouac	PM NOM	eng	eng
hypothetical	JJ POS	eng	eng
knowingly	AB	eng	eng
dyslexia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
admissible	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-blame	NN	eng	eng
crumley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mixture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
developmentalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loosening	VB ING	eng	eng
friendly	AB	eng	eng
doubleleap	NN	eng	eng
synapses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bulletin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consequentialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mulligan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
consultation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nowhere	AB	eng	eng
heathrow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bykey	PM NOM	eng	eng
discharging	VB ING	eng	eng
forged	JJ POS	eng	eng
asylum-seekers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ever-changing	JJ POS	eng	eng
excessive	JJ POS	eng	eng
norwich's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pigeon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
turnaround	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warfare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intergovernmental	JJ POS	eng	eng
reframing	VB ING	eng	eng
fellowship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
siege	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
management	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
erroneously	AB	eng	eng
unsuited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
varieties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
high-status	JJ POS	eng	eng
abstinences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expressively	AB	eng	eng
oneill	PM NOM	eng	eng
hexis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unit's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
weaken	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rockweekend	PM NOM	eng	eng
nicer	JJ	eng	eng
republic's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
inhabits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
southampt	AB	eng	eng
general	JJ POS	eng	eng
interpretative	JJ POS	eng	eng
monks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
translation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
value	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commercialization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
externalise	VB	eng	eng
twenties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
extramaritally	AB	eng	eng
cognition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
webberly	PM NOM	eng	eng
blaemire	PM NOM	eng	eng
interconnect	NN	eng	eng
deflects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
abbey	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flexible	J	eng	eng
sprinting	VB ING	eng	eng
mural	JJ POS	eng	eng
goodlad's	PM GEN	eng	eng
breach	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
directedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
passengers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
polymorphism	NN	eng	eng
reaffirmations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
solver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mainframes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flown	VB PAP	eng	eng
warmed	VB PRT	eng	eng
occurence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doctoral-level	NN	eng	eng
exploitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pease	PM NOM	eng	eng
rye's	PM GEN	eng	eng
subject-object	NN	eng	eng
wasn	VB	eng	eng
sensualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fairweather	PM NOM	eng	eng
epiphania	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chairmans	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
orderly	AB	eng	eng
bakelite	NN	eng	eng
legislature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breadths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shocked	JJ POS	eng	eng
fetishism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rutledge	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcgraths	PM GEN	eng	eng
gambles	PM GEN	eng	eng
helps	VB	eng	eng
gravenites	PM NOM	eng	eng
guardian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
menu	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tautologically	AB	eng	eng
reputable	JJ POS	eng	eng
belligerent	JJ POS	eng	eng
troublemaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
carotid	NN	eng	eng
hemisperic	JJ POS	eng	eng
tellers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fascists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
decision-makers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phasing	VB ING	eng	eng
hound	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychoeducationally	AB	eng	eng
lifeline	NN	eng	eng
dimensionpants	PM NOM	eng	eng
degrades	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
6-minute	NN	eng	eng
razor's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
communes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parenthood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pembrokeshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
intersectionality	AB	eng	eng
millisecond	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
situations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
solacing	VB ING	eng	eng
ostracism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paperworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concubines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sartorially	AB	eng	eng
possessed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
spelt	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
innermost	AB	eng	eng
councillors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glacial	JJ POS	eng	eng
crying	VB ING	eng	eng
scholasticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sharn	PM NOM	eng	eng
tissue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knews	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
applied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
acquiring	VB ING	eng	eng
musician	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enlarging	VB ING	eng	eng
supertail	PM NOM	eng	eng
jaw	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skyreach	PM NOM	eng	eng
gracefully	AB	eng	eng
diversifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gorsuch	PM NOM	eng	eng
harmonize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
invade	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
occupies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
enablers	NN PLU	eng	eng
breeja	PM NOM	eng	eng
meat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
1-year	NN	eng	eng
irritatingly	AB	eng	eng
roseville	PM NOM	eng	eng
test	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delegations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hearn	PM NOM	eng	eng
patient	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disablement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
propensity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clotting	VB ING	eng	eng
clay	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
braved	VB	eng	eng
vision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
activity-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
brooking	PM NOM	eng	eng
accountable	JJ POS	eng	eng
history	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
still	AB	eng	eng
shelty	PM NOM	eng	eng
staffing	VB ING	eng	eng
hillside	NN	eng	eng
reportages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deburdening	JJ	eng	eng
misery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emerge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
crossbones	NN	eng	eng
poké-bowl	PM NOM	eng	eng
contradict	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
workspaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loewy	PM NOM	eng	eng
reward	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skip	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
overflowing	VB ING	eng	eng
muffling	VB	eng	eng
overridden	JJ POS	eng	eng
underlined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
suicidal	JJ POS	eng	eng
lipworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
groundance	PM NOM	eng	eng
tricky	JJ POS	eng	eng
physiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holloways	PM GEN	eng	eng
cardiffs	PM GEN	eng	eng
renounced	VB PRT AKT	eng	eng
analogically	AB	eng	eng
telegraphs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
co-operate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fastened	JJ POS	eng	eng
auditors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enmeshed	JJ POS	eng	eng
chromosomal	JJ	eng	eng
shipwreck	NN	eng	eng
disapproved	JJ POS	eng	eng
galloway	PM NOM	eng	eng
concretely	AB	eng	eng
long-lasting	JJ POS	eng	eng
voices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
humber's	PM GEN	eng	eng
squad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impart	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
crossley	PM NOM	eng	eng
pinkett	PM NOM	eng	eng
withering	VB ING	eng	eng
safeguard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcgillis	PM NOM	eng	eng
anarchistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
homophobia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buries	VB	eng	eng
manchester's	PM GEN	eng	eng
lightstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
fondly	AB	eng	eng
resource-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
hypothesi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flagship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
restorations	NN	eng	eng
fourteenth-century	JJ POS	eng	eng
paraphrasing	VB ING	eng	eng
unreliability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sorry	JJ POS	eng	eng
municipally	AB	eng	eng
hundreds	RG	eng	eng
stalker	PM NOM	eng	eng
prevailing	VB ING	eng	eng
compatibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychopathology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collectivists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proper	JJ POS	eng	eng
maylen	PM NOM	eng	eng
afterward	AB	eng	eng
wayward	PM NOM	eng	eng
manage	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
contextual	JJ POS	eng	eng
spin-off	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kasdan	PM NOM	eng	eng
truce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
continuations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
theodicy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
governments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
responsibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kept	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
heald	PM NOM	eng	eng
hastens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
groupings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychophysics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stonyfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
honestly	AB	eng	eng
determinists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
encourage	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
curiosity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stockdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
no-one	PN	eng	eng
glamorously	AB	eng	eng
dress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
criminologically	AB	eng	eng
mended	VB PRT	eng	eng
freudian	JJ POS	eng	eng
quakerman	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccrum	PM NOM	eng	eng
stepping	VB ING	eng	eng
intrinsicly	AB	eng	eng
dispossessions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
underworld	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fatherlands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hoarders	PM NOM	eng	eng
trunk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
briargate	PM NOM	eng	eng
baroquely	AB	eng	eng
resonates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
set	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mans	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
belatedly	AB	eng	eng
polarization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
albanian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scary	JJ POS	eng	eng
roadkill	NN	eng	eng
thunderdome	PM NOM	eng	eng
winsor	PM NOM	eng	eng
amnesties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dimed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcgrawhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
tracing	VB ING	eng	eng
shephard	PM NOM	eng	eng
blakiston	PM NOM	eng	eng
acoustic	JJ POS	eng	eng
rents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chronologically	AB	eng	eng
freechurch	PM NOM	eng	eng
hallyday	PM NOM	eng	eng
o'gallagher	PM NOM	eng	eng
accidentally	AB	eng	eng
stamina	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
schizoid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
docventures	PM NOM	eng	eng
childbearing	VB ING	eng	eng
post-functionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweatshirts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pinkney	PM NOM	eng	eng
revitalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hitherto	AB	eng	eng
stalling	VB ING	eng	eng
counterweights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nodes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rejected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stiff	JJ POS	eng	eng
stigma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unresting	VB ING	eng	eng
server	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wholesaler	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
devaluing	VB ING	eng	eng
addressee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maybury	PM NOM	eng	eng
state-of-the-art	JJ POS	eng	eng
culturally	AB	eng	eng
sweater	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neurotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
worshipped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wartime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grapefruit	NN	eng	eng
splits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reason	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reclamation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assigns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
firestorm	NN	eng	eng
smokin	VB	eng	eng
briers	PM NOM	eng	eng
intent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wheatcroft	PM NOM	eng	eng
ruin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suppers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recoveries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
morecambe	PM NOM	eng	eng
irony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manufactures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stains	NN PLU	eng	eng
diplomatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
warm-up	NN	eng	eng
charlton	PM NOM	eng	eng
cyborgs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
langhorne	PM NOM	eng	eng
husbands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pasts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
normalisation	NN	eng	eng
auspices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
streetfight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bias	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interpretively	AB	eng	eng
basic	JJ POS	eng	eng
gradually	AB	eng	eng
airflow	NN	eng	eng
reelected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jasika	PM NOM	eng	eng
anaconda	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
edition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doubted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
attrition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freeport	PM NOM	eng	eng
leaves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
toxicology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fastcom	PM NOM	eng	eng
refractory	NN	eng	eng
lyrical	JJ POS	eng	eng
reread	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fail	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tamils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
derrickson	PM NOM	eng	eng
involvements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grosvenor's	PM GEN	eng	eng
disinterest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
baies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contraception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gayness	NN	eng	eng
interrupted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
abbeys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fundings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
effectuating	VB	eng	eng
assault	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shelby	PM NOM	eng	eng
addressees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distorted	JJ POS	eng	eng
conducts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
undominated	JJ POS	eng	eng
mit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
brookheart	PM NOM	eng	eng
bat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
radiotoxicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
payton	PM NOM	eng	eng
values	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
palmer's	PM GEN	eng	eng
flowns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
easily	AB	eng	eng
preventative	JJ POS	eng	eng
scapegoating	JJ	eng	eng
guitars	NN	eng	eng
hermenutics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
afro	JJ POS	eng	eng
wrought	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
innovatively	AB	eng	eng
annulled	JJ POS	eng	eng
schemas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infantry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
use	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chevolution	PM NOM	eng	eng
papacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
methodically	AB	eng	eng
outfitted	JJ	eng	eng
patches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
underwriting	VB ING	eng	eng
smallholders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
therapy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
braybrooke	PM NOM	eng	eng
degeneres	PM NOM	eng	eng
successively	AB	eng	eng
short-form	NN	eng	eng
misstatement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
layard	PM NOM	eng	eng
rage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
powdered	JJ POS	eng	eng
cosmopolites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
part	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spinaround	NN	eng	eng
renders	VB HSI	eng	eng
65th	RO	eng	eng
onceforall	PM NOM	eng	eng
politest	JJ	eng	eng
rubbish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
padwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
macgrogan	PM NOM	eng	eng
clooney	PM NOM	eng	eng
bramham	PM NOM	eng	eng
guy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
punks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
actualized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fascism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
talents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lawn	PM NOM	eng	eng
robbery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
welfares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maximised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
comparable	JJ POS	eng	eng
awry	JJ POS	eng	eng
twinkle	NN	eng	eng
hounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trusting	VB ING	eng	eng
presumptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anticholinergic	JJ	eng	eng
crudest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
gettysburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
wanton	JJ POS	eng	eng
gut-associated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
barkham	PM NOM	eng	eng
serious	JJ POS	eng	eng
coontz	PM NOM	eng	eng
beads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macculloch	PM NOM	eng	eng
cameroon	PM NOM	eng	eng
conflicting	JJ POS	eng	eng
zoomify	PM NOM	eng	eng
acronym	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
derivative	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extremities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
afterwards	AB	eng	eng
segregation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doubleday	PM NOM	eng	eng
blackmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
consoles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
arbitrarily	AB	eng	eng
muriels	PM GEN	eng	eng
alliance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
forced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
apparel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wizard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breid	PM NOM	eng	eng
entrepreneur	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
depresses	VB HSI	eng	eng
trivially	AB	eng	eng
euroforms	PM GEN	eng	eng
breaches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sterile	JJ POS	eng	eng
brush's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strata	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
florey	PM NOM	eng	eng
conveniences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
furlong's	PM GEN	eng	eng
middelton	PM NOM	eng	eng
hypothesis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cooter	PM NOM	eng	eng
short-term	JJ POS	eng	eng
informationally	AB	eng	eng
hearns	PM GEN	eng	eng
family	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
safeguards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
complete	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chandor	PM NOM	eng	eng
ebbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uriah	PM NOM	eng	eng
felix's	PM GEN	eng	eng
lynley	PM NOM	eng	eng
acquistion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rhinorecords	PM NOM	eng	eng
meadowbrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
wholesome	JJ POS	eng	eng
confess	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
countering	VB ING	eng	eng
involve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
post-communist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drinkwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
bashore	PM NOM	eng	eng
imitatively	AB	eng	eng
callous	JJ POS	eng	eng
idea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disorganizing	NN	eng	eng
best-known	JJ POS	eng	eng
testbeds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waterparks	NN	eng	eng
appropriacy	NN	eng	eng
disses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
geocache	NN	eng	eng
eleanor	PM NOM	eng	eng
affirmative	JJ POS	eng	eng
understated	JJ POS	eng	eng
deconfusing	VB ING	eng	eng
voice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
atmospheres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sociodemographic	JJ	eng	eng
marginalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
computer-generated	JJ POS	eng	eng
squads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rigged	JJ POS	eng	eng
encourages	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
garrisons	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bunsen	NN UTR SIN DEF NOM	eng	eng
quake	PM NOM	eng	eng
haysom	PM NOM	eng	eng
quite	AB	eng	eng
eddings	PM NOM	eng	eng
transcription	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grapples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
time-consuming	JJ POS	eng	eng
provisionally	AB	eng	eng
misinterpreting	VB ING	eng	eng
sponsors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carby	PM NOM	eng	eng
murray	PM NOM	eng	eng
faythe	PM NOM	eng	eng
unionized	JJ POS	eng	eng
titchmarsch	PM NOM	eng	eng
communicability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seahawks	PM NOM	eng	eng
lawrence's	PM GEN	eng	eng
specificities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reportage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dosages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sal's	PM GEN	eng	eng
spilled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mediocre	JJ POS	eng	eng
eloquently	AB	eng	eng
customisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
courtier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mechanically	AB	eng	eng
forerunner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
categorizing	VB ING	eng	eng
independent	JJ POS	eng	eng
stuffed	JJ POS	eng	eng
swedstyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
deviance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
krissy	PM NOM	eng	eng
braindrain	NN	eng	eng
animal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
truces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
messages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shackleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
sandburg's	PM GEN	eng	eng
harmonizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
spoiling	VB ING	eng	eng
moralities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
employeeship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alumni	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jewish's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sergeants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-improved	JJ POS	eng	eng
stabilisation	NN	eng	eng
encountered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dead	JJ POS	eng	eng
disorganised	JJ	eng	eng
brubaker	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccarty	PM NOM	eng	eng
melancholy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ratify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
burial	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
genitals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
terminal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trunks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
friendships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quantifying	VB ING	eng	eng
regionalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bacteria	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subnational	JJ POS	eng	eng
facilitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conceded	VB PAP	eng	eng
fuzzy	JJ POS	eng	eng
sprouse	VB	eng	eng
farron	PM NOM	eng	eng
philanthropies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
life-world	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
no	PN	eng	eng
priestley	PM NOM	eng	eng
granulomatous	JJ	eng	eng
complementarities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
skistar	NN	eng	eng
intranet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nuns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
telegraph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amplifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
upland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lax	JJ POS	eng	eng
reform	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impetuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biggest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
reaxcer	NN	eng	eng
legitimated	JJ POS	eng	eng
newtonian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
splicing	NN	eng	eng
ignored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
improvisational	JJ	eng	eng
twighlight	PM NOM	eng	eng
coffie	PM NOM	eng	eng
mushatt	PM NOM	eng	eng
workspace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appleman	PM NOM	eng	eng
accustomed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
diplomas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insulins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disillusioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
suggests	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
clenched	VB	eng	eng
complex	JJ POS	eng	eng
townscape	NN	eng	eng
49er	NN	eng	eng
occurences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whiz	PM NOM	eng	eng
headlines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insistent	JJ POS	eng	eng
flattening	VB	eng	eng
mainframe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
constitutionality	JJ	eng	eng
rights-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
anglo	JJ POS	eng	eng
charisma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contrived	JJ POS	eng	eng
passenger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allroad	NN	eng	eng
dave's	PM GEN	eng	eng
loach	PM NOM	eng	eng
contempt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
libya	PM NOM	eng	eng
goldie	PM NOM	eng	eng
noemet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grossarth	PM NOM	eng	eng
personified	JJ POS	eng	eng
peaberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-consciousness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deprinces	PM GEN	eng	eng
subjectivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
idem	PN	eng	eng
manafort	PM NOM	eng	eng
split	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hp-way	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
12-month	NN	eng	eng
richardson	PM NOM	eng	eng
ubiquitously	AB	eng	eng
projections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chappell	PM NOM	eng	eng
cognitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
export-oriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
diagnostics	NN	eng	eng
regulating	VB ING	eng	eng
chess	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
remitting	VB ING	eng	eng
frequent	JJ POS	eng	eng
undies	NN	eng	eng
targaryen	PM NOM	eng	eng
hypersensitivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beforehand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
permutations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
critchley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stain	NN	eng	eng
director	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concurrency	NN	eng	eng
skylift	NN	eng	eng
concubine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paperwork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
labourer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meritocracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
randomization	NN	eng	eng
situation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
owl	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
angularly	AB	eng	eng
shenson	PM NOM	eng	eng
jointly	AB	eng	eng
celestial	JJ POS	eng	eng
contestation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unbuttoned	JJ	eng	eng
pharisees	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
concent	NN	eng	eng
reauthoring	VB ING	eng	eng
railing	VB	eng	eng
valorized	JJ	eng	eng
bakewell	PM NOM	eng	eng
groupies	NN PLU	eng	eng
leave	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
particularity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
murnane	PM NOM	eng	eng
warriner	PM NOM	eng	eng
westpark	PM NOM	eng	eng
brainbooks	PM NOM	eng	eng
wilful	JJ POS	eng	eng
tamil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jacksson	PM NOM	eng	eng
ohios	PM GEN	eng	eng
principally	AB	eng	eng
subsidies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
can't	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
intolerant	JJ POS	eng	eng
fetishisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spontaneous	JJ	eng	eng
basics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
libidos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edmonton	PM NOM	eng	eng
sorceries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
epiphanias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccaffrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
clearence	NN	eng	eng
incorrigibly	AB	eng	eng
supplement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
morales	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flavor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mummy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
piece	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
detected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
relocating	VB ING	eng	eng
tettey	PM NOM	eng	eng
ace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
homophily	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
molds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seasonings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-regulatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
pirates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relaunch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
permeating	VB ING	eng	eng
austen	PM NOM	eng	eng
averaged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
masseter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eagles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thoughts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rudeness	NN	eng	eng
resistivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
two-thirds	RG	eng	eng
memories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
downey	PM NOM	eng	eng
shepard	PM NOM	eng	eng
prebble	PM NOM	eng	eng
detracts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
arc	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nominal	JJ POS	eng	eng
crosbys	PM GEN	eng	eng
airing	VB ING	eng	eng
venturer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
automobiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adult-child	NN	eng	eng
match	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bitch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highbridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
measures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deciphers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aretha	PM NOM	eng	eng
thackeray	PM NOM	eng	eng
concurrent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flavoured	JJ	eng	eng
drunk	JJ POS	eng	eng
patterned	JJ POS	eng	eng
suppressed	JJ POS	eng	eng
neutrality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chimneys	NN PLU	eng	eng
way	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shun	VB PAP	eng	eng
tutelage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
envied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
emigrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dominating	VB ING	eng	eng
questioners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
head	PM NOM	eng	eng
designers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
methodology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lovely	JJ POS	eng	eng
mandatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
vendors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
safeguarded	JJ POS	eng	eng
brown	PM NOM	eng	eng
acclaimed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
roark's	PM GEN	eng	eng
languages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
didactic	JJ POS	eng	eng
cheese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roscoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
charlize	PM NOM	eng	eng
midland	PM NOM	eng	eng
gunton	PM NOM	eng	eng
moyes	PM NOM	eng	eng
timed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reconstructions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vaccination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scrags	PM GEN	eng	eng
evans-pritchard	PM NOM	eng	eng
longwall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multi-level	JJ POS	eng	eng
syndicate	PM NOM	eng	eng
ocala	PM NOM	eng	eng
wiggum	PM NOM	eng	eng
website	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
packets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unconcerned	JJ POS	eng	eng
rogue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
markup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stuarts	PM GEN	eng	eng
four-year	JJ POS	eng	eng
bridgens	PM NOM	eng	eng
monozygotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
convertibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gaffney's	PM GEN	eng	eng
turn-off	NN	eng	eng
geriatric	JJ POS	eng	eng
historians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teasing	VB ING	eng	eng
chunks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
childmed	PM NOM	eng	eng
surroundings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
imitators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delicious	JJ POS	eng	eng
avoiding	VB ING	eng	eng
coldness	NN	eng	eng
sheets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liz	PM NOM	eng	eng
shoppers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neutralising	VB	eng	eng
respectful	JJ POS	eng	eng
bactiguards	PM GEN	eng	eng
pridey	PM NOM	eng	eng
chrome	NN	eng	eng
studied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rutherford	PM NOM	eng	eng
quarles	PM NOM	eng	eng
modernity's	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shools	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laurel	PM NOM	eng	eng
bluebell	PM NOM	eng	eng
pathology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
physic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interrupts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
drama	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
father's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blacking	PM NOM	eng	eng
obsolescence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thrasher	PM NOM	eng	eng
t-shirt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enhancement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oxfam's	PM GEN	eng	eng
vignette	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gentry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conserve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
grimly	AB	eng	eng
entrusted	JJ POS	eng	eng
deadlines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
defensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
incorporates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
extremist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
planning	VB ING	eng	eng
newt	PM NOM	eng	eng
codification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
regimes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spiny	JJ POS	eng	eng
trap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rugbies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cries	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
advocated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
laura	PM NOM	eng	eng
dopaminergic	JJ	eng	eng
thrives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
yourselves	PN	eng	eng
construal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweepstakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eastwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
restless	JJ POS	eng	eng
opaline	NN	eng	eng
quids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pratchett	PM NOM	eng	eng
sharknado	PM NOM	eng	eng
leaks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
westview's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cawsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcphillips	PM NOM	eng	eng
brewis	PM NOM	eng	eng
revisit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
redmayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
oleary	PM NOM	eng	eng
contrastive	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'neill	PM NOM	eng	eng
annually	AB	eng	eng
confer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
to-fr	IN	eng	eng
greenblatt	PM NOM	eng	eng
monahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
groovy	JJ	eng	eng
macy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dougs	PM GEN	eng	eng
prague	PM NOM	eng	eng
semitic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enclosure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nerve	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cooking	VB ING	eng	eng
juxtaposed	JJ POS	eng	eng
scholarship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
educative	JJ POS	eng	eng
thrusts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
salinger's	PM GEN	eng	eng
trojan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prostheses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spared	VB lang:fre	eng	eng
translate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
decoupled	JJ	eng	eng
squadron	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blundering	VB ING	eng	eng
domesticity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seamless	JJ POS	eng	eng
scientist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agriculturalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interchange	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
py	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anabolic	JJ POS	eng	eng
utilising	VB ING	eng	eng
cayford	PM NOM	eng	eng
uncharted	JJ	eng	eng
dartaye	PM NOM	eng	eng
inks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
responsable	JJ POS	eng	eng
ending	VB ING	eng	eng
dullness	NN	eng	eng
litteracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burrage	PM NOM	eng	eng
attached	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
weapons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
executive	JJ POS	eng	eng
extinguishing	VB ING	eng	eng
weaning	VB	eng	eng
convening	VB	eng	eng
diastolic	JJ	eng	eng
macarthur	PM NOM	eng	eng
muscle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
footwear	NN	eng	eng
screaming	VB ING	eng	eng
migrants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corticotropin	NN	eng	eng
mcleod	PM NOM	eng	eng
exceed'em	PM NOM	eng	eng
rattling	PM NOM	eng	eng
weguelin	PM NOM	eng	eng
compact	JJ POS	eng	eng
inadmissible	JJ POS	eng	eng
strathairn	PM NOM	eng	eng
unfamiliar	JJ POS	eng	eng
hume	PM NOM	eng	eng
sci-hub	NN	eng	eng
approval	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
temporary	JJ POS	eng	eng
viserys	PM NOM	eng	eng
dog-fight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tantrums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
against	PP	eng	eng
jeopardies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
educators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
worsening	VB ING	eng	eng
appallingly	AB	eng	eng
injuries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
purdy	PM NOM	eng	eng
dunham	PM NOM	eng	eng
jurassica	PM NOM	eng	eng
abandon	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wheelbarrow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weatherproof	PM NOM	eng	eng
vicarious	JJ POS	eng	eng
option	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
endocrinologist	NN	eng	eng
aboriginal	JJ POS	eng	eng
monetary	JJ POS	eng	eng
d'arcy	PM NOM	eng	eng
prank	NN	eng	eng
complicitly	AB	eng	eng
duckrell	PM NOM	eng	eng
ecological	JJ POS	eng	eng
daddys	NN	eng	eng
retreats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inter-state	JJ POS	eng	eng
slaveries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keeping	VB ING	eng	eng
mcdermotts	PM NOM	eng	eng
workplays	NN	eng	eng
two-year	JJ POS	eng	eng
clif	PM NOM	eng	eng
gatwicks	PM GEN	eng	eng
unifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uniforms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fingerprint	PM NOM	eng	eng
narrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
insurgencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
threading	VB	eng	eng
excited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
overwatch	PM NOM	eng	eng
everhart	PM NOM	eng	eng
greendale	PM NOM	eng	eng
antichrist	PM NOM	eng	eng
loaded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
teachable	JJ	eng	eng
counselling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imperative	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cher	PM NOM	eng	eng
bye-byes	NN PLU	eng	eng
animating	VB ING	eng	eng
annexes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loyally	AB	eng	eng
brannon	PM NOM	eng	eng
carpathia	PM NOM	eng	eng
soul	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
professions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
larter	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychiatric	JJ POS	eng	eng
therapeutic	JJ POS	eng	eng
wistful	JJ	eng	eng
millward's	PM GEN	eng	eng
enjoyable	JJ POS	eng	eng
mccoll	PM NOM	eng	eng
abandonments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
purvis	PM NOM	eng	eng
waterway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rockhampton	PM NOM	eng	eng
reference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweet	JJ POS	eng	eng
wilkerson	PM NOM	eng	eng
mckeon	PM NOM	eng	eng
resurrections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcclaren	PM NOM	eng	eng
resistances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
toughness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abolishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
restrictions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remarkably	AB	eng	eng
infective	JJ	eng	eng
alison's	PM GEN	eng	eng
granfield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unfriendly	JJ POS	eng	eng
rationalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
punishers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transtheoretical	JJ	eng	eng
jeepney	PM NOM	eng	eng
sharship	NN	eng	eng
inauthentic	JJ POS	eng	eng
laudable	JJ POS	eng	eng
mccalla	PM NOM	eng	eng
overlap	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
meta	JJ POS	eng	eng
post-second	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stigmatizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
inventing	VB ING	eng	eng
reaney	PM NOM	eng	eng
garvey	PM NOM	eng	eng
disobediences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
skeleton	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
encounters	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
coefficients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sieges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
japanese	PM NOM	eng	eng
heros	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
willard	PM NOM	eng	eng
neurophysiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commending	VB ING	eng	eng
ologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bourgeoisie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adult	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychoanalytically-established	JJ	eng	eng
wondered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
conjecture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
speculative	JJ POS	eng	eng
putney	PM NOM	eng	eng
impulsivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
generalise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unlawful	JJ POS	eng	eng
ecumenical	JJ POS	eng	eng
diseased	JJ POS	eng	eng
clarify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reconciliation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proxy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fairman	PM NOM	eng	eng
transgendered	JJ	eng	eng
braver	PM NOM	eng	eng
unrelenting	VB ING	eng	eng
who	PN	eng	eng
grim	JJ POS	eng	eng
aristocratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
these	PN	eng	eng
overcomes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
risk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scunthorpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
saints	PM NOM	eng	eng
zookeeper	PM NOM	eng	eng
documenting	VB ING	eng	eng
profited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
werewolf	NN	eng	eng
inadequacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embrace	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
governmentally	AB	eng	eng
operators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leftovers	NN	eng	eng
gynecologists	NN PLU	eng	eng
populationbased	JJ	eng	eng
economical	JJ POS	eng	eng
slice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
browser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whately	PM NOM	eng	eng
cherish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
incremental	JJ POS	eng	eng
physicality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worker-clients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
junes	PM NOM	eng	eng
portrayals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quinney	PM NOM	eng	eng
upper-class	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
britham	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-identified	NN	eng	eng
caricature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
donoghue	PM NOM	eng	eng
acquiesces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dercum	PM NOM	eng	eng
posterior	JJ POS	eng	eng
dramatists	NN PLU	eng	eng
escalations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seen	VB PAP	eng	eng
icorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
negotiates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wrong	JJ POS	eng	eng
lump	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
congested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
provisos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
space-times	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fad	JJ POS	eng	eng
pro-male	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
writer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decriminalization	NN	eng	eng
specializes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
regained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
carnegie	PM NOM	eng	eng
devastation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
saylor	PM NOM	eng	eng
e-moderator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ethnographically	AB	eng	eng
walgrave	PM NOM	eng	eng
entrepreneur's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
mcclaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
guess	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
intimidatingly	AB	eng	eng
lemons	PM NOM	eng	eng
dashed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pecker	NN	eng	eng
integrities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dissolutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
warmer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
help-giver	NN	eng	eng
obstacles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abolished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wastage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
convoluted	JJ POS	eng	eng
rawlsian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
securing	VB ING	eng	eng
disillusionment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instantiation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
batsford	PM NOM	eng	eng
scot's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pluralisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maximally	AB	eng	eng
solved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
groupwork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glaciers	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
identifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
orford	PM NOM	eng	eng
masterpiece	NN	eng	eng
desktop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
role	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
microcap	PM NOM	eng	eng
high-functioning	JJ	eng	eng
love	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
foynes	PM NOM	eng	eng
practise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tracie	PM NOM	eng	eng
superstitious	JJ	eng	eng
suppressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
birdwaves	PM NOM	eng	eng
diverges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
victimology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
experiences	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
spite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boss	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
listener	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
etobicoke	PM NOM	eng	eng
genomes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plenums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
caroll	PM NOM	eng	eng
parsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
predicting	VB ING	eng	eng
edwards	PM NOM	eng	eng
strange	JJ POS	eng	eng
shield	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strothers	PM NOM	eng	eng
nutritions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bartholomay	PM NOM	eng	eng
trysexual	JJ	eng	eng
achievement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
improvisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
combustions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
debate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
genuine	JJ POS	eng	eng
institutionalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
physically	AB	eng	eng
repudiating	VB ING	eng	eng
self-assessment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
button	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
folklore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
investors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
topher	PM NOM	eng	eng
commissions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adversaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greenley	PM NOM	eng	eng
knowable	JJ POS	eng	eng
bidding	VB ING	eng	eng
aura	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
madding	PM NOM	eng	eng
lordprotector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
believer's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
neglected	JJ POS	eng	eng
city	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pronenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
warfighter	PM NOM	eng	eng
blackmoore	PM NOM	eng	eng
sign	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
munsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
textboxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
malpractice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
operants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
earnings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
handicaps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parallelisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stating	VB ING	eng	eng
triads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prisoner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peanuts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
otherization	NN	eng	eng
expand	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
invalidated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
actionaid	PM NOM	eng	eng
unreachable	JJ	eng	eng
efficiently	AB	eng	eng
chairmanship	NN	eng	eng
recognise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pharmaceutical	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncoating	JJ	eng	eng
shrinks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
served	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
beardslee	PM NOM	eng	eng
nightmares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
noone	PM NOM	eng	eng
sheeran	PM NOM	eng	eng
narcotics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sneakerheadz	PM NOM	eng	eng
cut-backs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dwelly	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-rated	NN	eng	eng
oppressor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overseeing	VB ING	eng	eng
metabolites	NN PLU	eng	eng
holiest	JJ	eng	eng
twinnovation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dramatizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcauley	PM NOM	eng	eng
kates	PM GEN	eng	eng
restricted	JJ POS	eng	eng
hightechnology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discovering	VB ING	eng	eng
newmann	PM NOM	eng	eng
attention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
limelight	PM NOM	eng	eng
inspections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disorganized	JJ POS	eng	eng
replaced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sorts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
3-month	NN	eng	eng
hot	JJ POS	eng	eng
replays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
honeycombs	PM NOM	eng	eng
optionally	AB	eng	eng
particles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unreasonably	JJ POS	eng	eng
onemed	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-serving	JJ POS	eng	eng
personas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
technocratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
prioritize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
speeds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hearings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adjuncts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
symtomatic	JJ	eng	eng
sweboat	PM NOM	eng	eng
bryony	PM NOM	eng	eng
pastoral	JJ POS	eng	eng
scaffolded	JJ	eng	eng
galleries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
orchestrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ornamental	JJ POS	eng	eng
puzzzle	NN	eng	eng
summers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mainstay	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wrestles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
factbook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aroma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
litre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
charitys	PM GEN	eng	eng
us	PN	eng	eng
linfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
purposes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
circuits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adjustment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yelland	PM NOM	eng	eng
officers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leisure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vintages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spent	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cheshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
syringe	NN	eng	eng
mindguards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tomorrowsine	NN	eng	eng
phalluses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conquerors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
citycon	PM NOM	eng	eng
queerlequin	PM NOM	eng	eng
stateowned	JJ POS	eng	eng
fowle	PM NOM	eng	eng
gaming	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advocates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sharks	PM GEN	eng	eng
cohesions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
divergently	AB	eng	eng
therapy-specific	JJ	eng	eng
fueled	JJ POS	eng	eng
practitioners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jermont	PM NOM	eng	eng
shrines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unlocking	VB ING	eng	eng
disappearances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transpired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shamans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
angles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gaiety	NN	eng	eng
blaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
lovecraft	PM NOM	eng	eng
censorship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
petes	PM GEN	eng	eng
exerting	VB ING	eng	eng
folk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcdermott's	PM GEN	eng	eng
halo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expansion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
girlicious	PM NOM	eng	eng
pretension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disappointedly	AB	eng	eng
everywhere	AB	eng	eng
reformulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
depict	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
aggies	PM NOM	eng	eng
long-established	JJ POS	eng	eng
hytorc	PM NOM	eng	eng
erasures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shrunk	VB PST	eng	eng
cleans	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
negley	PM NOM	eng	eng
apparelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
joye	PM NOM	eng	eng
alphabetical	JJ POS	eng	eng
seymours	PM GEN	eng	eng
eleventh	RO NOM	eng	eng
consistent	JJ POS	eng	eng
sadly	AB	eng	eng
annual	JJ POS	eng	eng
questionable	JJ POS	eng	eng
lipsticks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
onrush	NN	eng	eng
worn	VB PAP	eng	eng
dot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subject	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abridging	VB ING	eng	eng
ensue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
housing	VB ING	eng	eng
unfaithful	JJ POS	eng	eng
strongholds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cambridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
supervenience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
possibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ascendancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transparency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
must	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
taken-for-granted	JJ POS	eng	eng
crimewatch	NN	eng	eng
dictatorships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
communality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
irresistible	JJ POS	eng	eng
gunness	PM NOM	eng	eng
lamb	NN	eng	eng
boarder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
within-series	NN	eng	eng
cells	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
small-town	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bunkd	JJ	eng	eng
latencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grimethorpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
coppers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accompanied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
artifices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proselytism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inscription	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
promos	PM GEN	eng	eng
idealisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amplified	JJ POS	eng	eng
pointedly	AB	eng	eng
dunfermline	PM NOM	eng	eng
bridesmaid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dentists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
northlands	NN	eng	eng
bonuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
junior	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
riots	NN	eng	eng
collection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coventry	PM NOM	eng	eng
deezer	PM NOM	eng	eng
spot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crotch	NN	eng	eng
blackmailing	VB ING	eng	eng
eamonn	PM NOM	eng	eng
try	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pizza	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
satanic	JJ POS	eng	eng
openings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
snead	PM NOM	eng	eng
murders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
belittled	JJ POS	eng	eng
prototyping	VB ING	eng	eng
abutments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lowlands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bodyguard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shropshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
jasons	PM GEN	eng	eng
hops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
galatians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consistency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embodies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
photon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cargill	PM NOM	eng	eng
panaceas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
irreducible	JJ POS	eng	eng
brightnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prodrug	JJ	eng	eng
destroy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
parenteral	JJ POS	eng	eng
throats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polefitness	PM NOM	eng	eng
contrary	AB	eng	eng
dollarstore	NN	eng	eng
troubles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wantonly	AB	eng	eng
descending	VB ING	eng	eng
giggled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
describe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
expatriated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
life-long	JJ POS	eng	eng
offices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ecclesiastical	JJ POS	eng	eng
timescales	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
partly	AB	eng	eng
eitherors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
philosopher's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
cautious	JJ POS	eng	eng
situationally	AB	eng	eng
coagulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pye	PM NOM	eng	eng
shayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
evolves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preventive	JJ POS	eng	eng
crusin	VB	eng	eng
reuptake	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kynard	PM NOM	eng	eng
fondest	JJ	eng	eng
charge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bestows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pejorative	JJ POS	eng	eng
thou	PN	eng	eng
beetle	NN	eng	eng
liminalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
charlie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
attainable	JJ POS	eng	eng
discour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clintonisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cosycrime	PM NOM	eng	eng
presuppositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
along	PP	eng	eng
receptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
secularism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
residues	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paints	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pre-existing	VB ING	eng	eng
gridley	PM NOM	eng	eng
nurses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detail	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collateral	JJ POS	eng	eng
synchronization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
state-sponsored	JJ POS	eng	eng
garretts	PM GEN	eng	eng
revitalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
microphones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
five	RG	eng	eng
avenue's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mid-1950s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cellwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
necessities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woodski	PM NOM	eng	eng
ark	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reorganizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concentrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
snower	PM NOM	eng	eng
darwinism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coordinated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
remoteness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
negotiation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adventurers	NN PLU	eng	eng
twenge	PM NOM	eng	eng
placements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
muslim	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fuck	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
roast	NN	eng	eng
transmit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hazel	PM NOM	eng	eng
achiness	NN	eng	eng
mclntyre	PM NOM	eng	eng
swayze	PM NOM	eng	eng
lipotoxicity	NN	eng	eng
rusel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
contrives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
x-files	PM NOM	eng	eng
freegrove	PM NOM	eng	eng
inhibitor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
healthiest	JJ	eng	eng
personalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loose	JJ	eng	eng
whales	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
actionpark	PM NOM	eng	eng
magnificently	AB	eng	eng
impending	VB ING	eng	eng
footnotes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cartoon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extinguished	JJ POS	eng	eng
shows	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
casting	VB ING	eng	eng
stooges	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
jowsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
lachlans	PM GEN	eng	eng
non-disabled	JJ POS	eng	eng
company	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sue's	PM GEN	eng	eng
balloons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discources	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
angering	VB	eng	eng
wandsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
curry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kirbys	PM GEN	eng	eng
havoc	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
communally	AB	eng	eng
bonekickers	PM NOM	eng	eng
broths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parliamentarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stanwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
goldstein	PM NOM	eng	eng
transformational	JJ POS	eng	eng
freeweelin	JJ	eng	eng
exchanging	VB ING	eng	eng
estranged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lancaster	PM NOM	eng	eng
joymakers	PM GEN	eng	eng
tameka	PM NOM	eng	eng
wirth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
elector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
schmucks	NN	eng	eng
incongruously	AB	eng	eng
interfere	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bull	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foreground	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canadian	JJ POS	eng	eng
wilfully	AB	eng	eng
tichina	PM NOM	eng	eng
text	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cultures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conjured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sprague	PM NOM	eng	eng
delusional	JJ	eng	eng
daley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unifiedly	AB	eng	eng
civics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maximises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
motorist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retrievals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cease-fire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adjust	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
infinities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lose	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mineral	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
metaphores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abstained	JJ POS	eng	eng
tabulating	VB ING	eng	eng
delaying	VB ING	eng	eng
nonconformist	NN	eng	eng
seattle's	PM GEN	eng	eng
imperfection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prattville	PM NOM	eng	eng
broadband	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fauna	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doubling	VB ING	eng	eng
forger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wheat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worcestershiresauce	NN	eng	eng
cued	JJ POS	eng	eng
always	AB	eng	eng
tetralogy	NN	eng	eng
knitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
smiley	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mulgan	PM NOM	eng	eng
catch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pisodes	NN	eng	eng
collusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shorts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
futility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nuclear	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
richness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
massive	JJ POS	eng	eng
fingers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
raiders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
postponement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indexed	JJ POS	eng	eng
greasy	JJ	eng	eng
relative	JJ POS	eng	eng
aircrafts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aftercare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tasty	JJ	eng	eng
corporeality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
check-in	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recedes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
extranets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disadvantages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
syllables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cargoes	NN PLU	eng	eng
flamboyant	JJ POS	eng	eng
tier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ratched	JJ	eng	eng
fortunately	AB	eng	eng
meanings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grace	PM NOM	eng	eng
bandwagon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reddington	PM NOM	eng	eng
nod	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
receive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
madison	PM NOM	eng	eng
hello	IN	eng	eng
posited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
syndromes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goth	PM NOM	eng	eng
symptom-focus	NN	eng	eng
delivers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
toned	VB	eng	eng
adhered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
knifing	VB	eng	eng
trashionista	NN	eng	eng
workload	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
analyzer	NN	eng	eng
unionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corporate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
californian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
horne	PM NOM	eng	eng
slam	PM NOM	eng	eng
premised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
quickly	AB	eng	eng
provision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amusingly	AB	eng	eng
ideological	JJ POS	eng	eng
hijacked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fay's	PM GEN	eng	eng
depressed	JJ POS	eng	eng
slaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
noises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
visualisation	NN	eng	eng
fermented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcmaster	PM NOM	eng	eng
sewing	VB ING	eng	eng
karmastrikesback	PM NOM	eng	eng
locational	JJ POS	eng	eng
hyperglycemia	NN	eng	eng
kodiak	PM NOM	eng	eng
subsidise	VB	eng	eng
jyles	PM NOM	eng	eng
chazen	PM NOM	eng	eng
winner's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
individual	JJ POS	eng	eng
sueann	PM NOM	eng	eng
orchestras	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgonagall	PM NOM	eng	eng
isolations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
delicacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fifty-years	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
idealize	VB	eng	eng
anticipated	JJ POS	eng	eng
disaffected	JJ POS	eng	eng
interchangeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
swearing	VB ING	eng	eng
vents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ports	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bothering	VB ING	eng	eng
martially	AB	eng	eng
deed	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aglow	VB	eng	eng
smackdown	PM NOM	eng	eng
single-parents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cowman	PM NOM	eng	eng
breezie	PM NOM	eng	eng
neurobiologically	AB	eng	eng
predictabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corked	VB	eng	eng
coverages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
establishment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deadly	PM GEN	eng	eng
photographer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
renal	JJ POS	eng	eng
analyses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deduce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
provisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
worse	JJ POS	eng	eng
barrowman	PM NOM	eng	eng
kiwanis	PM NOM	eng	eng
tops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corporates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
february	NN	eng	eng
engelwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
keenan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
scorning	VB	eng	eng
ensues	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
member's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
epidemics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
receivers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preconception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bandwagons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
summertimes	NN	eng	eng
mosher's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cookie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
humming	VB ING	eng	eng
promo	PM NOM	eng	eng
startle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pertained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
underdevelopment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seahorse	NN	eng	eng
uncontextualized	JJ	eng	eng
cobb's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unashamed	JJ	eng	eng
mnuchin	PM NOM	eng	eng
individualists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
critchley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcelligott	PM NOM	eng	eng
circumventing	VB ING	eng	eng
trophic	JJ POS	eng	eng
spatial	JJ POS	eng	eng
radiological	JJ	eng	eng
resonated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
contouring	NN	eng	eng
atwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
articulatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
addmobile	PM NOM	eng	eng
publicizing	VB ING	eng	eng
exemplar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
co-exist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
meet	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jason	PM NOM	eng	eng
disturb	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
experimentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trackmaster	PM NOM	eng	eng
greengross	PM NOM	eng	eng
satisfaction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
town's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
defensiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
excused	JJ POS	eng	eng
fordist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pizzas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
school's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
after-school	NN	eng	eng
isolation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orchestra	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bankers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
butler	PM NOM	eng	eng
harp	PM NOM	eng	eng
subsidises	VB	eng	eng
panorama	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
succesfully	AB	eng	eng
gilian	PM NOM	eng	eng
phantom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
analogies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
famines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clone	PM NOM	eng	eng
post	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dilates	VB	eng	eng
sealand	PM NOM	eng	eng
cardiovascular	JJ POS	eng	eng
immersive	JJ POS	eng	eng
chauvinisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retrieval	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
likeness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-education	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fearnley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcmannon	PM NOM	eng	eng
paint	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
watercolour	NN	eng	eng
limited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tazel	PM NOM	eng	eng
well-documented	JJ POS	eng	eng
packleader	PM NOM	eng	eng
aunjanue	PM NOM	eng	eng
transcribing	VB ING	eng	eng
unidentified	JJ POS	eng	eng
participant-as-observers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clouded	VB PAP	eng	eng
anthology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eventclub	NN	eng	eng
fake	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
competitor's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
barthelme	PM NOM	eng	eng
ranging	VB ING	eng	eng
eulogy	NN	eng	eng
interferes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
jarrods	PM NOM	eng	eng
which	PN	eng	eng
competency	AB	eng	eng
resident	JJ POS	eng	eng
symptoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
byford	PM NOM	eng	eng
discounting	VB ING	eng	eng
outbreak	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lancasters	PM GEN	eng	eng
etnograph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
daunting	JJ POS	eng	eng
satisfying	VB ING	eng	eng
brisbanes	PM GEN	eng	eng
internets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conceptualizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rawly	PM NOM	eng	eng
mckeever	PM NOM	eng	eng
sync	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boating	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
professionally	AB	eng	eng
unloaded	VB PAP	eng	eng
supposes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
idle	JJ POS	eng	eng
whale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
itemising	VB	eng	eng
crazies	PM NOM	eng	eng
oystersauce	NN	eng	eng
modrich	PM NOM	eng	eng
cian	PM NOM	eng	eng
accrediting	VB	eng	eng
collusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
venture's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
carnality	NN	eng	eng
paired	JJ POS	eng	eng
unhealthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
shelves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychoactive	JJ POS	eng	eng
roasts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reckons	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
meego	PM NOM	eng	eng
discuss	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
freeman	PM NOM	eng	eng
consolidating	VB ING	eng	eng
rituals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inexperience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beardsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
deregulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
override	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
inculcated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
smoking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hippocampus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jedi	NN	eng	eng
broth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
protectionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
barbery	PM NOM	eng	eng
kirby	PM NOM	eng	eng
aristocracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
throwns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anaesthesiologica	NN	eng	eng
shearing	VB ING	eng	eng
emotively	AB	eng	eng
metaphore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tuition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
xenophobias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undeveloped	JJ POS	eng	eng
matthews	PM GEN	eng	eng
croom	PM NOM	eng	eng
reinforced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
narrownesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leukemias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
snowzilla	PM NOM	eng	eng
furnishing	VB ING	eng	eng
loader	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
produces	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
darkened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
anglophones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wollstonecraft	PM NOM	eng	eng
globality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lytton	PM NOM	eng	eng
all-purpose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overconceptualizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mckeachie	PM NOM	eng	eng
rightists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weymouth	PM NOM	eng	eng
dropout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advertisement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waterborne	PM NOM	eng	eng
concession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
possesses	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
cowan	PM NOM	eng	eng
convincing	JJ POS	eng	eng
reception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
filtered	JJ POS	eng	eng
cheaper	JJ KOM	eng	eng
show-and-tell	NN	eng	eng
transdisciplinary	JJ	eng	eng
dinner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
restore	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hospitalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
pettiford	PM NOM	eng	eng
visa	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intently	AB	eng	eng
compensate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
farnsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
tightens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lockerbie	PM NOM	eng	eng
antipathy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcsheffrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
closest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
wilco	PM NOM	eng	eng
civic	NN	eng	eng
timescale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
backer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
microscopy	PM NOM	eng	eng
geography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faunas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
halt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
envy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stop-start	NN	eng	eng
considine	PM NOM	eng	eng
neurotransmitters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carriger	PM NOM	eng	eng
quarrel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dryburgh	PM NOM	eng	eng
standardizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
seal	PM NOM	eng	eng
overwhelmingly	AB	eng	eng
attended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
arousing	VB ING	eng	eng
applaud	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ie	AB	eng	eng
southwark	PM NOM	eng	eng
reorder	VB	eng	eng
shamanic	JJ POS	eng	eng
get	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
short	JJ POS	eng	eng
resettlement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
everlastingly	AB	eng	eng
singulars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forgiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mclellan	PM NOM	eng	eng
ingroup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
minority	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inhibitors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greatplacetowork	PM NOM	eng	eng
gripweed	PM NOM	eng	eng
runaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
leaned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
afferent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decentralized	JJ POS	eng	eng
wheats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
team's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
summoning	VB ING	eng	eng
davenport	PM NOM	eng	eng
tudge	PM NOM	eng	eng
placement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kindergartens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
application	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
calculus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sulfur	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distinctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lanchester	PM NOM	eng	eng
renounces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
indicted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mckeen	PM NOM	eng	eng
fraine	PM NOM	eng	eng
phrasing	VB ING	eng	eng
propulsion	NN	eng	eng
maury	PM NOM	eng	eng
dominantly	AB	eng	eng
graces	PM GEN	eng	eng
colourful	JJ POS	eng	eng
dilator	NN	eng	eng
exiled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bloodlines	NN	eng	eng
championed	JJ POS	eng	eng
preece	PM NOM	eng	eng
reese's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sooner	AB	eng	eng
drebin	PM NOM	eng	eng
tandem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
crenshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
bachew	PM NOM	eng	eng
saddling	VB	eng	eng
begs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shutdown	NN	eng	eng
degenerate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
easiest	JJ KOM	eng	eng
ironside	PM NOM	eng	eng
date	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sporty	JJ	eng	eng
colgrave	PM NOM	eng	eng
qajar	PM NOM	eng	eng
cambridges	PM GEN	eng	eng
bicycles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broadhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
aging	VB ING	eng	eng
shackelford's	PM GEN	eng	eng
whittall	PM NOM	eng	eng
congruent	JJ POS	eng	eng
ucla	ACR	eng	eng
uh-oh	IN	eng	eng
drugrelated	JJ POS	eng	eng
underemployed	JJ	eng	eng
yarns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
honest	JJ POS	eng	eng
resolute	JJ POS	eng	eng
bumperball	PM NOM	eng	eng
refractions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counterfactuals	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
factual	JJ POS	eng	eng
neonatal	JJ POS	eng	eng
urethane	PM NOM	eng	eng
fond	JJ POS	eng	eng
offshore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transgenders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hasty	JJ POS	eng	eng
norway	PM NOM	eng	eng
noise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gone	VB PAP	eng	eng
firstly	AB	eng	eng
muttered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
properly	AB	eng	eng
kercheval	PM NOM	eng	eng
azithromycin	PM NOM	eng	eng
adultery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exothen	NN	eng	eng
soundspace	NN	eng	eng
shoulders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blouse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
selective	JJ POS	eng	eng
bodyguards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dispose	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
post-modernism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ploughs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
joes	PM GEN	eng	eng
agitated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
grosvenor	PM NOM	eng	eng
pinpointed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bioforce	PM NOM	eng	eng
morally	AB	eng	eng
sugarbaby	PM NOM	eng	eng
provides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ascertaining	VB ING	eng	eng
morbidities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incommensurabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compliances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reconfiguration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
honed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
scolding	VB	eng	eng
psychos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
simultaneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
northland	PM NOM	eng	eng
tolling	JJ	eng	eng
hollowing	VB	eng	eng
chicago's	PM GEN	eng	eng
litany	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sciences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
credits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dioxides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
solidifying	VB ING	eng	eng
conner	PM NOM	eng	eng
conqueror	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adults	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
decides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sincere	JJ POS	eng	eng
mindguard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
testwuide	PM NOM	eng	eng
practical	JJ POS	eng	eng
wardrobe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wiltshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
brownstein	PM NOM	eng	eng
customized	JJ POS	eng	eng
merseyside	PM NOM	eng	eng
respected	JJ POS	eng	eng
rockwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
bertish	PM NOM	eng	eng
oedipus	PM NOM	eng	eng
slices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
then	AB	eng	eng
rationalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
submissive	JJ POS	eng	eng
obliquely	AB	eng	eng
wilkerson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inquires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
schemata	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raining	VB ING	eng	eng
lantern	NN	eng	eng
theses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
saint	PM NOM	eng	eng
exceed	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
granfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
fanny	PM NOM	eng	eng
embodiment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infantile	JJ POS	eng	eng
otherness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
high-ranking	JJ POS	eng	eng
wrongs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hilliard	PM NOM	eng	eng
firecracker	NN	eng	eng
leather	NN	eng	eng
streams	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
survival	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pooled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
officials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
halleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
truthful	JJ POS	eng	eng
pillows	NN PLU	eng	eng
stimulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
compulsion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jay	PM NOM	eng	eng
desirability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
throwback	NN	eng	eng
firewood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
isle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
networked	JJ POS	eng	eng
rupaul's	PM GEN	eng	eng
melting	VB ING	eng	eng
cadogan	PM NOM	eng	eng
incendiary	AB	eng	eng
expansions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sentenced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
principalships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
huckabees	PM GEN	eng	eng
proximity	NN	eng	eng
market-preserving	JJ POS	eng	eng
lemon	PM NOM	eng	eng
passmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
bids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
communicators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
crum's	PM GEN	eng	eng
anthropologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
externalize	VB	eng	eng
employees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marketer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
overturning	VB ING	eng	eng
long-distance	JJ POS	eng	eng
barrows	PM NOM	eng	eng
user's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
ethicas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-images	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uniformities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alwin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dramatize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gaby	PM NOM	eng	eng
catastrophes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transborder	JJ POS	eng	eng
oppressors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pre-war	JJ POS	eng	eng
crusie	PM NOM	eng	eng
buchanans	PM GEN	eng	eng
corporation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outsourcing	VB ING	eng	eng
nightmare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
romantic	JJ POS	eng	eng
northam	PM NOM	eng	eng
hangover	NN	eng	eng
centre-point	NN	eng	eng
recognises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
actionaids	PM GEN	eng	eng
spites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
envisage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brahmins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
assaultive	JJ POS	eng	eng
respondents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
munson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
frowning	VB	eng	eng
separatists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intensities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scandinavians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mohegan	PM NOM	eng	eng
netlight	PM NOM	eng	eng
positionalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doesn't	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
evangelisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regards	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
salivation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overestimated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
outdoor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
factor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fused	JJ POS	eng	eng
gated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
domestications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uncoordinated	JJ	eng	eng
retrogradely	AB	eng	eng
viva	VB IMP	eng	eng
higher-level	JJ POS	eng	eng
honeycomb	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-recording	NN	eng	eng
intentionalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nutshell	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
punctuation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
promoted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
takeover	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preached	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
machineries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
salvagemasters	PM NOM	eng	eng
bromfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
sociolinguistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'hair	PM NOM	eng	eng
university's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
attentions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
documentaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heart-lung	NN	eng	eng
approximately	AB	eng	eng
eminent	JJ POS	eng	eng
jemaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
hate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jameson	PM NOM	eng	eng
six-days	NN	eng	eng
ashdown	PM NOM	eng	eng
pickstock	PM NOM	eng	eng
masked	JJ POS	eng	eng
instructor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boardmans	PM GEN	eng	eng
reiterating	VB ING	eng	eng
suburbia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assay	NN	eng	eng
orthodox	JJ POS	eng	eng
omnipotence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
firth	PM NOM	eng	eng
livers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supplementations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multiplies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
llewyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
roam	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
triad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
justifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moonclub	PM NOM	eng	eng
deidre	PM NOM	eng	eng
high-technology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pluralism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mankinds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tortures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modernity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paddling	VB ING	eng	eng
uninterruptedly	AB	eng	eng
extensible	JJ POS	eng	eng
bombardment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
charcoal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eye	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antiquity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waypoints	NN	eng	eng
cube	NN	eng	eng
separable	JJ POS	eng	eng
cunnigham	PM NOM	eng	eng
elice	PM NOM	eng	eng
stimulatingly	AB	eng	eng
reliable	JJ POS	eng	eng
aeromagnetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
response	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dry	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcveighs	PM GEN	eng	eng
uttered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
manion	PM NOM	eng	eng
sense-making	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
growers	N PLU	eng	eng
webley	PM NOM	eng	eng
friend	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disempowered	JJ POS	eng	eng
springboard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forbearance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
speed	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sparky	PM NOM	eng	eng
automating	VB	eng	eng
cow	NN	eng	eng
supernatural	JJ POS	eng	eng
flashman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fineries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bluebooklet	NN	eng	eng
nutrition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
declared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
aristocrat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
issuing	VB ING	eng	eng
civilizes	VB HSI	eng	eng
takethem	PM NOM	eng	eng
semen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
terry	PM NOM	eng	eng
breadwinner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
finzi	PM NOM	eng	eng
strangers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
benchwarmers	NN	eng	eng
echolalic	JJ	eng	eng
wrapping	VB ING	eng	eng
testicles	NN PLU	eng	eng
stare	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
boleyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
rigidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
litres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
downstream	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
comprising	VB ING	eng	eng
foresman	PM NOM	eng	eng
phoned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
downturn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accommodation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hallworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
hunch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
passwords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
irritation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subversive	JJ POS	eng	eng
maltman	PM NOM	eng	eng
indiscretion	NN	eng	eng
endothelium	NN	eng	eng
raph	PM NOM	eng	eng
aromas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tyrannically	AB	eng	eng
wipeout	PM NOM	eng	eng
awakens	VB	eng	eng
weary	JJ POS	eng	eng
collegiate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
remodelling	VB-GER lang:fre	eng	eng
illogically	AB	eng	eng
nails	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fowles	PM NOM	eng	eng
underground	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
growingpeople	NN	eng	eng
sloping	VB ING	eng	eng
mediator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conciliatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
shark	PM NOM	eng	eng
changing	VB ING	eng	eng
malnutrition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obstetrical	JJ POS	eng	eng
journey	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jovian	JJ	eng	eng
aggressively	AB	eng	eng
scratches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
severest	JJ	eng	eng
comprehensiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
echoed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcbeth	PM NOM	eng	eng
supranationalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smoothing	BN	eng	eng
external	JJ POS	eng	eng
induced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
skeptic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
customer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
angle	NN	eng	eng
cycled	VB	eng	eng
masochistic	JJ	eng	eng
bariatric	JJ	eng	eng
masterton	PM NOM	eng	eng
securitised	JJ POS	eng	eng
midbrain	NN	eng	eng
portraitures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
designations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
twenty-six	RG	eng	eng
allright	IN	eng	eng
haunting	VB ING	eng	eng
clean	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
negotiate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
insufficient	JJ POS	eng	eng
rife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
turtle	NN	eng	eng
philosophise	VB	eng	eng
londonderry	PM NOM	eng	eng
co's	PM GEN	eng	eng
clutter	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dramatist	NN	eng	eng
bulwarks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
espousing	VB ING	eng	eng
acquiesce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcneill	PM NOM	eng	eng
addictive	JJ POS	eng	eng
portrayal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rawfish	PM NOM	eng	eng
horseback	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
presented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
committment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sleepy	JJ POS	eng	eng
crucifixion	NN	eng	eng
dravecky	PM NOM	eng	eng
kerouac's	PM GEN	eng	eng
extraneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
bullyoung	PM NOM	eng	eng
cleethorpes	PM NOM	eng	eng
gravitational	JJ POS	eng	eng
womengineer	PM NOM	eng	eng
chamberlin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
between-series	NN	eng	eng
attaches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
winter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shaked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
slips	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
internet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
candidacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mapping	VB ING	eng	eng
hinterlands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sumptuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
brisbane	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychosexual	JJ POS	eng	eng
considering	VB ING	eng	eng
secretaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confirmation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
residents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nonconsciously	AB	eng	eng
dysfunctionally	AB	eng	eng
varys	PM NOM	eng	eng
reproducing	VB ING	eng	eng
outbreaks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cooperations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
polluting	VB ING	eng	eng
self-benefits	NN	eng	eng
majesties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
opioids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
published	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
powerfully	AB	eng	eng
fluencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lifestyles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eyelids	NN PLU	eng	eng
eastern's	PM GEN	eng	eng
as-if	AB	eng	eng
insignificance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gluten	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foreign-policy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unevenness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kindreds	PM GEN	eng	eng
assimilationist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
telescope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reflected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
knower	NN	eng	eng
untreated	JJ POS	eng	eng
hypnotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
never	AB	eng	eng
townend	NN	eng	eng
rodway	PM NOM	eng	eng
incontinence	NN	eng	eng
collective	JJ POS	eng	eng
beaf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beatings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
internalise	VB	eng	eng
deregistered	VB PRT	eng	eng
weakened	JJ POS	eng	eng
militarization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blog	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
davis	PM NOM	eng	eng
persons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
manufacturer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
herbie	PM NOM	eng	eng
ripley	PM NOM	eng	eng
consummation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
yard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bagsqueeze	NN	eng	eng
scorecards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wredden	PM NOM	eng	eng
parchments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jeremys	PM GEN	eng	eng
dagenham	PM NOM	eng	eng
afterword	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
castrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bolstered	JJ POS	eng	eng
arenas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
norwich	PM NOM	eng	eng
also	AB	eng	eng
salts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lawsuits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hammering	VB	eng	eng
keogh	PM NOM	eng	eng
puritans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flowchart	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overrides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
receiver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rehistoricized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
work-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
epidemic	JJ POS	eng	eng
destabilizing	VB ING	eng	eng
painfully	AB	eng	eng
gallagher's	PM GEN	eng	eng
characterises	VB HSI	eng	eng
contingencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pretext	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ton	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accruals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preside	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wield	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
maciver's	PM GEN	eng	eng
virus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prevention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
didacticas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
analyze	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pidgeon	NN	eng	eng
lucys	PM GEN	eng	eng
p-rex	PM NOM	eng	eng
lynburns	PM GEN	eng	eng
gatward	PM NOM	eng	eng
treacher	PM NOM	eng	eng
ohotographing	VB	eng	eng
prescription	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quahogs	PM GEN	eng	eng
potted	VB PRT	eng	eng
wayvern	PM NOM	eng	eng
waterboy	NN	eng	eng
demographics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rightful	JJ POS	eng	eng
transformers	PM NOM	eng	eng
divergence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hateful	JJ	eng	eng
resigning	VB ING	eng	eng
occasioned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
intergovernmentalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
favours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
offensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
transgressing	VB ING	eng	eng
colon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
readily	AB	eng	eng
transfering	VB ING	eng	eng
pink	JJ POS	eng	eng
refugee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
narrow	JJ POS	eng	eng
commodification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intuitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
export	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emery	PM NOM	eng	eng
lovemark	PM NOM	eng	eng
uplifting	VB ING	eng	eng
stool	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mismatch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
co-exists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nineteenth	RO	eng	eng
summarisation	NN	eng	eng
darwen	PM NOM	eng	eng
beverley	PM NOM	eng	eng
disrupted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
interorganizational	JJ POS	eng	eng
defies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
greenson	PM NOM	eng	eng
k-one	PM NOM	eng	eng
affection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exemplars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shanity	PM NOM	eng	eng
earthbound	JJ	eng	eng
surprisingly	AB	eng	eng
alloy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modernisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appendices	NN PLU	eng	eng
panoramas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
galveston	PM NOM	eng	eng
undeniably	AB	eng	eng
vandelay	PM NOM	eng	eng
fed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
howell	PM NOM	eng	eng
stereoscopic	JJ POS	eng	eng
amused	JJ POS	eng	eng
wildcat	PM NOM	eng	eng
twitters	PM GEN	eng	eng
handwritten	JJ POS	eng	eng
apartments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
duane	PM NOM	eng	eng
vetos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
idiographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
carrington's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tyrone	PM NOM	eng	eng
averages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
robbers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coupling	VB ING	eng	eng
geffroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
waistcoat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stiffens	VB	eng	eng
comerford	PM NOM	eng	eng
log	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
electrodermal	JJ POS	eng	eng
elaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
renounce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
implications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poverties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
courtney	PM NOM	eng	eng
sublimation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
side's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
spine-board	NN	eng	eng
necessitates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
basal	JJ POS	eng	eng
attribute	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heisley	PM NOM	eng	eng
sub-divided	VB	eng	eng
objectivists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
motivator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antismoking	JJ	eng	eng
chastity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lubricants	NN PLU	eng	eng
unbelievable	JJ POS	eng	eng
hanlon	PM NOM	eng	eng
comparing	VB ING	eng	eng
arms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chernatony	PM NOM	eng	eng
innoflex	JJ POS	eng	eng
cautioning	VB	eng	eng
wraithlook	PM NOM	eng	eng
eastwind	PM NOM	eng	eng
honored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
complimentary	JJ POS	eng	eng
allotments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
full-fledged	JJ POS	eng	eng
cavanah	PM NOM	eng	eng
icons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hollick	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcmullin	PM NOM	eng	eng
undisturbed	JJ POS	eng	eng
promiscuities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vocational	JJ POS	eng	eng
thurstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
sexgender	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
offshores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compulsivity	NN	eng	eng
dreamz	NN PLU	eng	eng
freemont	PM NOM	eng	eng
shere	PM NOM	eng	eng
borders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
severed	JJ POS	eng	eng
windham	PM NOM	eng	eng
drives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
animosities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
municipality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
client-centred	JJ POS	eng	eng
postures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liquor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
convoys	NN PLU	eng	eng
phototoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
verifiable	JJ POS	eng	eng
proponents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
measured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
allcard	PM NOM	eng	eng
rwandan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undeserving	JJ POS	eng	eng
unstoppable	JJ	eng	eng
theirs	PN	eng	eng
shoulder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consulting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intercultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
cyberschoolbus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
directorate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rightist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pathophysiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
manipulatively	AB	eng	eng
charities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phallicly	AB	eng	eng
growns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
harry	PM NOM	eng	eng
fandoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
companions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pack-years	NN	eng	eng
evocatively	AB	eng	eng
rare	JJ POS	eng	eng
lullabies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kyd	PM NOM	eng	eng
ashamedly	AB	eng	eng
idol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
day-case	NN	eng	eng
kaycey	PM NOM	eng	eng
leukemia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
separatisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sanitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
engulfed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
landslide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multi-faceted	JJ POS	eng	eng
trimmed	JJ POS	eng	eng
deemed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
kinnell	PM NOM	eng	eng
flat	JJ POS	eng	eng
seventh	RO NOM	eng	eng
permissively	AB	eng	eng
sloppy	JJ POS	eng	eng
absurdity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ratchet	PM NOM	eng	eng
blast	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
scripture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
therapeuticals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stableforth	PM NOM	eng	eng
derogating	VB ING	eng	eng
liberator	NN	eng	eng
expensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
wesby	PM NOM	eng	eng
peirce	PM NOM	eng	eng
diary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hinged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
atiyeh	PM NOM	eng	eng
inequalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
taileater	NN	eng	eng
insulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
singleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
darling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-neglect	NN	eng	eng
mcewans	PM GEN	eng	eng
requesting	VB ING	eng	eng
fireworks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
am	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
woolacott	PM NOM	eng	eng
sweany	PM NOM	eng	eng
blatantly	AB	eng	eng
devoting	VB ING	eng	eng
facey	PM NOM	eng	eng
kitchens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disturbingly	AB	eng	eng
syntagmatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
uh-huh	IN	eng	eng
cost-benefit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transactional	JJ POS	eng	eng
oar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
polopoly	NN	eng	eng
oakshott	PM NOM	eng	eng
gearing	NN	eng	eng
amidst	PP	eng	eng
afferents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corroborated	JJ POS	eng	eng
submits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
architect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carpenters	PM NOM	eng	eng
polis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allegations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
singular	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
combining	VB ING	eng	eng
evangelists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intransigence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
programing	VB	eng	eng
encanustic	PM NOM	eng	eng
limitlessly	AB	eng	eng
transfrontier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dykes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concentration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
salmon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
buchanan	PM NOM	eng	eng
assuming	VB ING	eng	eng
cards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reject	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stinchcombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
tragedies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glycemic	JJ	eng	eng
seely	PM NOM	eng	eng
founded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
noakes	PM NOM	eng	eng
crete	PM NOM	eng	eng
centre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bosleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
reasoned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unjustifiable	JJ POS	eng	eng
smeal	PM NOM	eng	eng
long-term	JJ POS	eng	eng
janglers	PM NOM	eng	eng
collide	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mistletoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
deere	PM NOM	eng	eng
envisages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
problem-focused	JJ POS	eng	eng
inevitably	AB	eng	eng
ineffectively	AB	eng	eng
liked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tort	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
subdivision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orchestration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
careseekers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spherically	AB	eng	eng
resorts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
speciations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stocked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
iron	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
western-style	JJ POS	eng	eng
sideways	AB	eng	eng
dornan	PM NOM	eng	eng
engineered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
piers	PM NOM	eng	eng
developmental	AB	eng	eng
connexions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unwillingness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hammerhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
leagues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
privatization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
improviser	NN	eng	eng
crow	PM NOM	eng	eng
youth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
zoomed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chloride	NN	eng	eng
elaborations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spatiotemporally	AB	eng	eng
sum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
procedurally	AB	eng	eng
roday	PM NOM	eng	eng
motown	PM NOM	eng	eng
stalemates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vegetarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
philharmonic	JJ	eng	eng
plagiarism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
markedness	NN	eng	eng
takeovers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impulsiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concedes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
prestwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
giveaways	NN	eng	eng
sink	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
grandparents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nutshells	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
needham	PM NOM	eng	eng
overpayments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weberian	JJ POS	eng	eng
potlatch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orientalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
digestion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
change-in-base	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
secretly	AB	eng	eng
reproaching	VB ING	eng	eng
nazareth	PM NOM	eng	eng
exploiting	VB ING	eng	eng
calls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
increased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wardrobes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychosocial	JJ POS	eng	eng
fiercest	JJ	eng	eng
contractor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
laugh	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
quickcool	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
appraisal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subscribers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tenser	JJ	eng	eng
lynton	PM NOM	eng	eng
wayward's	PM GEN	eng	eng
oxidation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crucifixes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regulatively	AB	eng	eng
drivers	NN	eng	eng
keen	JJ POS	eng	eng
reformulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
preparations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hardening	VB ING	eng	eng
components	NN	eng	eng
schematas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blige	PM NOM	eng	eng
mansion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
with	PP	eng	eng
welstand	PM NOM	eng	eng
habitats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unsupervised	JJ	eng	eng
unheard	JJ POS	eng	eng
adaptiveness	NN	eng	eng
divisible	JJ POS	eng	eng
imperialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
persevering	VB ING	eng	eng
warborn	PM NOM	eng	eng
chats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
homesman	PM NOM	eng	eng
absolutely	AB	eng	eng
interrelatedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exposes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
satisficing	VB ING	eng	eng
grandchild	NN	eng	eng
outrage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
garners	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
relativity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inductions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cybernetics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clipped	JJ	eng	eng
piano	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hole-in-one	NN	eng	eng
civilisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brokers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
costume	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neuromuscular	JJ	eng	eng
chatwins	PM GEN	eng	eng
agroforestry	NN	eng	eng
globalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hockey	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
copies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
primacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
official	JJ POS	eng	eng
motherhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
joyce's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tenute	PM NOM	eng	eng
survivals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tactile	JJ POS	eng	eng
non-delinquent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
employee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'loughlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
garnseys	PM GEN	eng	eng
simpler	JJ KOM	eng	eng
performatively	AB	eng	eng
self-harm	NN	eng	eng
urination	NN	eng	eng
psychiatry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ladens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chomsky	PM NOM	eng	eng
coups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
huckabee	PM NOM	eng	eng
clergyman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
turn	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
clouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bridgeport	PM NOM	eng	eng
scar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jernade	PM NOM	eng	eng
numbness	NN	eng	eng
dusting	VB	eng	eng
underlying	JJ POS	eng	eng
aloud	AB	eng	eng
merchandise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fig	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hallo	IN	eng	eng
innovating	VB ING	eng	eng
patient's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
smiled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
oblige	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
staggering	VB ING	eng	eng
low-involvement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
downturns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
truck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
password	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
therefrom	AB	eng	eng
kernelspace	NN	eng	eng
convention's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
journal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conseil	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
replications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
academicwork	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenedge	PM NOM	eng	eng
atrophies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indivisible	JJ POS	eng	eng
device-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
aloof	AB	eng	eng
fictions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coined	JJ POS	eng	eng
greengrass	PM NOM	eng	eng
undercover	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
serenity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stupidest	JJ	eng	eng
elfyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
heterosexual	JJ POS	eng	eng
consensual	JJ POS	eng	eng
hutu	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mediators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
filming	VB ING	eng	eng
teens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sheboygan	PM NOM	eng	eng
cherkin	PM NOM	eng	eng
players	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lapsed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
disavowed	VB	eng	eng
inspecticon	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-record	NN	eng	eng
kellehear	PM NOM	eng	eng
compricer	PM NOM	eng	eng
ytown	PM NOM	eng	eng
agnew	PM NOM	eng	eng
historic	JJ POS	eng	eng
forms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rosebud	PM NOM	eng	eng
utensils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
returner	NN	eng	eng
dutch	JJ POS	eng	eng
travelstore	NN	eng	eng
belongs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
imparted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dichotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
baggage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spray	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lifted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sawing	VB	eng	eng
rewarded	JJ POS	eng	eng
seabrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
tackitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
trial-and-error	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mikkey	PM NOM	eng	eng
cartwright	PM NOM	eng	eng
bushel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
books	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faded	VB PAP	eng	eng
cost-utility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
victimisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breached	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
systematized	VB PAP	eng	eng
prescribes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
goodlad	PM NOM	eng	eng
struggled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
resultant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcarthur	PM NOM	eng	eng
strictly	AB	eng	eng
osteen	PM NOM	eng	eng
unchanged	JJ POS	eng	eng
comes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
duffeys	PM GEN	eng	eng
banquets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deafblind	JJ POS	eng	eng
megastructures	NN PLU	eng	eng
mines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hemispheric	JJ POS	eng	eng
goodpasture	PM NOM	eng	eng
maggy	PM NOM	eng	eng
high-security	NN	eng	eng
reviving	VB ING	eng	eng
lung	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
general's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
cumbersomely	AB	eng	eng
greeter	PM NOM	eng	eng
fee	PM NOM	eng	eng
waypoint	NN	eng	eng
consoled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fred's	PM GEN	eng	eng
breedlove	PM NOM	eng	eng
shannyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
stepfather	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
functionality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stoves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seventies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
checkpoint	NN	eng	eng
means-end	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bradman	PM NOM	eng	eng
itself	PN	eng	eng
augmented	JJ POS	eng	eng
georgetown	PM NOM	eng	eng
independence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crudely	AB	eng	eng
shrank	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unworthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
blackwell's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sculpture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
necrotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
chrisman	PM NOM	eng	eng
polarizing	VB ING	eng	eng
subjectivists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instrumentalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
naked	JJ POS	eng	eng
responses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
linguas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mention	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
python	NN	eng	eng
homosexuals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sociocultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
anally	AB	eng	eng
minimalize	VB	eng	eng
lack	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
farthers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sympathize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gerontologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mystification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stranger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
techniques	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prepsykotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
fooling	VB	eng	eng
earles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
civilize	VB	eng	eng
otherhood	PM NOM	eng	eng
persuasiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
webster-stratton	PM NOM	eng	eng
dent's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
angriest	JJ	eng	eng
materialized	VB PAP	eng	eng
thessalonians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hosts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pretended	JJ POS	eng	eng
reorientation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conceivably	AB	eng	eng
ontologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
docile	JJ POS	eng	eng
hatcher	PM NOM	eng	eng
subsurface	PM NOM	eng	eng
orienting	VB ING	eng	eng
means-ends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
well-off	AB	eng	eng
authentication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attribution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
visuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maturation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peptide	NN	eng	eng
english-speaking	JJ POS	eng	eng
niles	PM NOM	eng	eng
keshawarz	PM NOM	eng	eng
frog	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obstacle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cowper	PM NOM	eng	eng
grinshpoon	PM NOM	eng	eng
applause	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
milwaukee	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-management	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
missionaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pioneering	VB ING	eng	eng
mulvey	PM NOM	eng	eng
sharpay	PM NOM	eng	eng
appease	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
matrice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undiagnosed	JJ	eng	eng
dolores	PM NOM	eng	eng
blessed	JJ POS	eng	eng
practises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
submission	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deeres	PM GEN	eng	eng
resultants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
owen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
prescribe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
voiding	NN	eng	eng
delectable	JJ	eng	eng
post-world	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monolingualism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canada	PM NOM	eng	eng
six-monthly	AB	eng	eng
attachment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sensuously	AB	eng	eng
les	PM NOM	eng	eng
shoveling	VB ING	eng	eng
civility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wayke	PM NOM	eng	eng
compulsive	JJ POS	eng	eng
earthmen	PM NOM	eng	eng
facilitated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
populations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcqueen	PM NOM	eng	eng
technique	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theaters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bromw	AB	eng	eng
fruitfully	AB	eng	eng
listeners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lamenting	VB ING	eng	eng
unwaste	PM NOM	eng	eng
creates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
entryvariables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legitimation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
logue	PM NOM	eng	eng
goals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgann	PM NOM	eng	eng
captives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sculptures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
investor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
calmer	JJ	eng	eng
folklores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
avow	VB	eng	eng
resemblance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diphenhydramine	NN	eng	eng
disc	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
middle-aged	JJ POS	eng	eng
incapacity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jeep	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fattening	JJ POS	eng	eng
burdens	NN	eng	eng
happens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
solicited	JJ POS	eng	eng
selfconfident	JJ POS	eng	eng
muddy	JJ POS	eng	eng
westworld	PM NOM	eng	eng
field's	PM GEN	eng	eng
resentments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waterfront	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mccarty's	PM GEN	eng	eng
kershner	PM NOM	eng	eng
scheming	VB	eng	eng
laughs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
outfits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pursuit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arrangement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hurn	PM NOM	eng	eng
infusing	VB ING	eng	eng
intersubjectivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prolongs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
codify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
operator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exceptionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
epizootic	JJ POS	eng	eng
calcium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
admiral	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overcome	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
interplay	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cambrige's	PM GEN	eng	eng
encyclopaedias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newcastle-upon-tyne	PM NOM	eng	eng
foreign-born	JJ POS	eng	eng
laterality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wibberley	PM NOM	eng	eng
decade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accommodate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
o'heeron	PM NOM	eng	eng
reformed	JJ POS	eng	eng
lesbianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mastermind	PM NOM	eng	eng
streamlining	VB ING	eng	eng
pianos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boxings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yourdons	PM GEN	eng	eng
fuzz	NN	eng	eng
bulow	PM NOM	eng	eng
fairstein	PM NOM	eng	eng
whim	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bargaining	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sharpening	VB ING	eng	eng
villains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clout	NN	eng	eng
recontamination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wastefully	AB	eng	eng
strikes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
parity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strayed	JJ	eng	eng
eras	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
o'guinn	PM NOM	eng	eng
downer	PM NOM	eng	eng
birthplaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
imprinted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hepatocyte	NN	eng	eng
legume	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
experiments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vanities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cluelessly	AB	eng	eng
enforceable	JJ POS	eng	eng
preparatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
satirically	AB	eng	eng
laden	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
skistar's	PM GEN	eng	eng
trucks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hadfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
oats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
succeeding	VB ING	eng	eng
group-level	NN	eng	eng
furlong	PM NOM	eng	eng
dubiously	AB	eng	eng
healthcares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jailed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inciteful	JJ POS	eng	eng
conserved	JJ POS	eng	eng
component	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interruption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cartography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
channeling	VB ING	eng	eng
bloc	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oxidations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dragonfly	PM NOM	eng	eng
cohesion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teetime	NN	eng	eng
complexion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
previously	AB	eng	eng
advocate	JJ POS	eng	eng
stingrays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rittenhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
disconnections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consociational	JJ POS	eng	eng
appraisals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
souring	VB	eng	eng
ecolivings	PM GEN	eng	eng
cheshires	PM GEN	eng	eng
elucidating	VB ING	eng	eng
bags	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
degrees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carlisle	PM NOM	eng	eng
stigmatizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
veiling	VB	eng	eng
overusing	VB ING	eng	eng
keohane	PM NOM	eng	eng
digestions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
asymmetrically	AB	eng	eng
haul	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
folder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aspire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deepening	VB ING	eng	eng
musicianship	NN	eng	eng
syncronized	JJ POS	eng	eng
foreseeing	VB ING	eng	eng
collectivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kaplan	PM NOM	eng	eng
degraded	JJ POS	eng	eng
democratizing	VB ING	eng	eng
sprays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
digitally	AB	eng	eng
trades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pasture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intermail	NN	eng	eng
ewens	PM GEN	eng	eng
commentaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
catastrophizing	VB ING	eng	eng
prefers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ingenuities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
humanics	NN	eng	eng
waiting-list	NN	eng	eng
commodified	JJ POS	eng	eng
royally	AB	eng	eng
rican	JJ	eng	eng
servitutes	NN PLU	eng	eng
diets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strongman	PM NOM	eng	eng
coughing	VB ING	eng	eng
autumns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
handkerchiefs	NN PLU	eng	eng
peterborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
contesting	VB ING	eng	eng
americanization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refuted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shepstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
induction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
awareness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
segmentary	JJ POS	eng	eng
mayfair	PM NOM	eng	eng
underutilize	VB	eng	eng
rouass	PM NOM	eng	eng
nymphomaniac	PM NOM	eng	eng
freeing	VB ING	eng	eng
cute	JJ POS	eng	eng
seeds	NN	eng	eng
wolfs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
touting	VB ING	eng	eng
subversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immigrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
riverdance	NN	eng	eng
creator	NN - SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
majestyk	PM NOM	eng	eng
prisoners	NN	eng	eng
handicap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guardianship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
playwright	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emigrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
respectable	JJ POS	eng	eng
adopting	VB ING	eng	eng
boatman	PM NOM	eng	eng
tricked	VB PRT	eng	eng
cheapskates	PM NOM	eng	eng
times	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stove	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
graduating	VB ING	eng	eng
redistributive	JJ POS	eng	eng
tacitness	NN	eng	eng
battlestar	NN	eng	eng
dreamboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
occupied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
luke	PM NOM	eng	eng
narcotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
subverted	JJ POS	eng	eng
cut-back	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gower	PM NOM	eng	eng
discolicious	PM NOM	eng	eng
unregistered	JJ POS	eng	eng
incited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sustainabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
epistle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shriver	PM NOM	eng	eng
intermediation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distally	AB	eng	eng
cried	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
party	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multiculturalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sixteen	RG	eng	eng
wengrove	PM NOM	eng	eng
stalemate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harmondsworth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
reinvesting	VB	eng	eng
fallouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
permit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
engagements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
watercolors	NN PLU	eng	eng
powder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
providence	NN	eng	eng
jamieson	PM NOM	eng	eng
galvanize'em	PM NOM	eng	eng
baths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tremendously	AB	eng	eng
entrant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sertraline	NN	eng	eng
bumpstead	PM NOM	eng	eng
unwelcome	JJ POS	eng	eng
hinckley	PM NOM	eng	eng
connexion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
24-hour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mallrats	PM NOM	eng	eng
reciprocal	JJ POS	eng	eng
rubbish's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
earle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
particle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tunein	PM NOM	eng	eng
hishon	PM NOM	eng	eng
anthropocentrism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
iceberg	PM NOM	eng	eng
lawrie	PM NOM	eng	eng
liberators	NN PLU	eng	eng
woodstock	PM NOM	eng	eng
scranton	PM NOM	eng	eng
shohet	PM NOM	eng	eng
eakin	PM NOM	eng	eng
scriptures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wooden	JJ POS	eng	eng
year	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thundermother	PM NOM	eng	eng
bernstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
endures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
brannon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
eitheror	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
balancing	VB ING	eng	eng
landslides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wheelers	PM GEN	eng	eng
merriness	NN	eng	eng
badly	AB	eng	eng
sensorimotor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wireless	JJ POS	eng	eng
chaos	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cluster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sacrificing	VB ING	eng	eng
exemplifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
greenwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
jwoww	PM NOM	eng	eng
bracketing	VB ING	eng	eng
rother	PM NOM	eng	eng
jurassic	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-actualisation	NN	eng	eng
respond	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pack-year	NN	eng	eng
vaginas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prototypically	AB	eng	eng
sacrificially	AB	eng	eng
fondant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
companion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holdings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rosevelt	PM NOM	eng	eng
ogilvy	PM NOM	eng	eng
cult	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
textures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coutney	PM NOM	eng	eng
dilutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
oversimplifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
celibacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
footnote	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wiredforhealth	NN	eng	eng
burns	PM NOM	eng	eng
two-body	NN	eng	eng
stanhope	PM NOM	eng	eng
n'ever	AB	eng	eng
typhoon	NN	eng	eng
staunton	PM NOM	eng	eng
carpenter	PM NOM	eng	eng
architects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greenbank	PM NOM	eng	eng
matheduc	PM NOM	eng	eng
extrapolates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contrive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reexamined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
carole	PM NOM	eng	eng
transmits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
arena	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obliviously	AB	eng	eng
rape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insightfully	AB	eng	eng
us-led	JJ POS	eng	eng
dweezil	PM NOM	eng	eng
seedling	NN	eng	eng
mcclures	PM GEN	eng	eng
radysin	PM NOM	eng	eng
dreammoko	PM NOM	eng	eng
singletons	PM GEN	eng	eng
behaviourism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
long-awaited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
erupting	VB ING	eng	eng
rely	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pull	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
maximizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allotment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wields	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wickeder	JJ	eng	eng
traders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colony-stimulating	JJ POS	eng	eng
demonstrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
uhuu	IN	eng	eng
lubricant	NN	eng	eng
no-mans-land	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
georges	PM GEN	eng	eng
commissures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vicinity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dismissed	VB	eng	eng
motivators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seminary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
substantiated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
attributes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lipstick	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attach	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bodies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reining	NN	eng	eng
rawn	PM NOM	eng	eng
gonna	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gift	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
invisible	JJ POS	eng	eng
petrophysical	JJ POS	eng	eng
whispers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sociobiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
colons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
artifice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waistcoats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
idealism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spicy	PM NOM	eng	eng
malibu	PM NOM	eng	eng
interlocutor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kanes	PM NOM	eng	eng
methylphenidate	NN	eng	eng
lenders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swingin'	JJ	eng	eng
mountbattens	PM NOM	eng	eng
stools	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abutment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wckd	AB	eng	eng
acquisition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
titled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
columns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interconnection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proponent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nicemedia	PM NOM	eng	eng
crimes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shirins	PM GEN	eng	eng
unambiguous	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'keefe	PM NOM	eng	eng
anabaptists	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fabulously	AB	eng	eng
bishops	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
macgilchrist	PM NOM	eng	eng
emerys	PM GEN	eng	eng
expressing	VB ING	eng	eng
pronunciation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clarification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tapestry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allowers	NN PLU	eng	eng
dominican	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spin-doctors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
turbulent	JJ POS	eng	eng
senior	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reprinted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
describes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sustaining	VB ING	eng	eng
culpabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shivering	JJ	eng	eng
undoing	VB ING	eng	eng
united	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
joyner's	PM GEN	eng	eng
carbohydrate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pre-emptively	AB	eng	eng
gaps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gaffney	PM NOM	eng	eng
probability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
calderhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
moaning	VB	eng	eng
conley	PM NOM	eng	eng
extranet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hath	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
syllable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grrl	IN	eng	eng
precautions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
characterizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
funders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scandal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
belts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
check-ins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sheppard	PM NOM	eng	eng
macfie	PM NOM	eng	eng
phonetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
synchrony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hungry	JJ POS	eng	eng
inflections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reave	PM NOM	eng	eng
one-time	JJ POS	eng	eng
relatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cheered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ethnocentrisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broke	JJ POS	eng	eng
aircraft	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
topography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
safecrackers	PM NOM	eng	eng
discontinuation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
savages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remedies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
notably	AB	eng	eng
roof	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
didactica	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
analyzers	NN PLU	eng	eng
workloads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
killorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
gwyneth	PM NOM	eng	eng
cloverfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
cuthbert	PM NOM	eng	eng
syndrome	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eschatological	JJ POS	eng	eng
dedicare	PM NOM	eng	eng
dort	AB	eng	eng
enquiries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
semi-structured	JJ POS	eng	eng
strikers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thorndyke	PM NOM	eng	eng
alteration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sutton	PM NOM	eng	eng
certifying	VB ING	eng	eng
entrenching	VB ING	eng	eng
thieves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apartment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
alasdair	PM NOM	eng	eng
dispelling	VB ING	eng	eng
southgirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
conyngham	PM NOM	eng	eng
vehemently	JJ POS	eng	eng
rainman	PM NOM	eng	eng
diffident	JJ	eng	eng
connectedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inclinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knowles	PM NOM	eng	eng
etiologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confederally	AB	eng	eng
manifesting	VB ING	eng	eng
closures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coverage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goddesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
affections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maxfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
vices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
their	PN	eng	eng
spin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roach	PM NOM	eng	eng
virginia	PM NOM	eng	eng
ratification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decarboxylation	NN	eng	eng
liraglutide	NN	eng	eng
quantitatively	AB	eng	eng
administrator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intuition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
africa	PM NOM	eng	eng
lilac	PM NOM	eng	eng
ivy	PM NOM	eng	eng
asthmacontrol	NN	eng	eng
lying	VB ING	eng	eng
sleeman	PM NOM	eng	eng
slackware	NN	eng	eng
couldn't	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
completed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unconscious	JJ POS	eng	eng
somebody	PN	eng	eng
canadians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mechanized	JJ POS	eng	eng
mass-produced	JJ POS	eng	eng
coached	JJ	eng	eng
pinkest	JJ	eng	eng
lifestyle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
restrictively	AB	eng	eng
voluntarisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heineken	PM NOM	eng	eng
dramatizations	NN PLU	eng	eng
mutilation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modal	JJ POS	eng	eng
neurotoxicology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
been	VB PAS	eng	eng
physiologic	JJ	eng	eng
strangelove	PM NOM	eng	eng
principality	JJ POS	eng	eng
absorbs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ethiopian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
information-processing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
simulating	VB ING	eng	eng
yunkers	PM NOM	eng	eng
pouring	VB ING	eng	eng
babadook	PM NOM	eng	eng
grown	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
nondirective	JJ	eng	eng
motorists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
great	JJ POS	eng	eng
blasts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shively	PM NOM	eng	eng
low-cost	JJ POS	eng	eng
unintentionally	AB	eng	eng
bright	JJ POS	eng	eng
maximise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
outnorth	PM NOM	eng	eng
detect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lisa	PM NOM	eng	eng
gynaecology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flavored	JJ POS	eng	eng
vitally	JJ POS	eng	eng
misunderstandings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perpetrators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rivermead	PM NOM	eng	eng
auggies	PM GEN	eng	eng
speculating	VB ING	eng	eng
puppet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
technologi	NN spell	eng	eng
flowcharts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phonographs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colorpoint	PM NOM	eng	eng
atypical	JJ POS	eng	eng
ethnographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bionic	PM NOM	eng	eng
took	VB PST	eng	eng
afterwords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
songbird	PM NOM	eng	eng
electrophysiology	NN	eng	eng
fluctuations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parchment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scorecard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
out-of-wedlock	NN	eng	eng
words	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
train-of-four	NN	eng	eng
classifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
episodic	JJ POS	eng	eng
dyskinesia	NN	eng	eng
three-dimensional	JJ POS	eng	eng
heady	JJ	eng	eng
bye	IN	eng	eng
semiconductors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chariot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freeheld	PM NOM	eng	eng
flexifuel	PM NOM	eng	eng
starship	NN	eng	eng
mississippi's	PM GEN	eng	eng
armour	NN	eng	eng
cleeves	PM NOM	eng	eng
stuttering	VB ING	eng	eng
telescopes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
negated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
specialised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bluestone	PM NOM	eng	eng
rory	PM NOM	eng	eng
apatows	PM GEN	eng	eng
renewing	VB-GER lang:fre	eng	eng
woodrell	PM NOM	eng	eng
chas	PM NOM	eng	eng
biographically	AB	eng	eng
filed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
antiinflammatory	JJ	eng	eng
personalised	VB PAP	eng	eng
settlers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
successors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
honoring	VB ING	eng	eng
junction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parameter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
islands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meadowcroft	PM NOM	eng	eng
team-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
comebacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laughters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
loomed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
discontinuously	AB	eng	eng
roveres	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissuading	VB ING	eng	eng
stricter	JJ KOM	eng	eng
subscribed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
uneven	JJ POS	eng	eng
overthrow	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
obtained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
humiliating	JJ POS	eng	eng
selfemployed	JJ POS	eng	eng
masturbating	VB	eng	eng
acceptable	JJ POS	eng	eng
intellectually	AB	eng	eng
low-paid	JJ POS	eng	eng
oldfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
perfumes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coupled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
access	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hampton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
texts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supertalent	NN	eng	eng
cold	JJ POS	eng	eng
doublet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hodgkins	PM NOM	eng	eng
charlesworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
purses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cavedweller	PM NOM	eng	eng
afield	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
holocaust	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ambivalent	JJ POS	eng	eng
worker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enteropathy	NN	eng	eng
knievel	PM NOM	eng	eng
marginalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
genuinly	AB	eng	eng
novelists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
innovators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pendulums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maneuvers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
upperdog	NN	eng	eng
humans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bosnian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heartless	JJ POS	eng	eng
deregulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reside	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
choreography	NN	eng	eng
bulls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
caulfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
diabetes	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gleason's	PM GEN	eng	eng
canned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inquiry-oriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
raible	PM NOM	eng	eng
injection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brutality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sirleaf	PM NOM	eng	eng
ischaemia	NN	eng	eng
final	JJ POS	eng	eng
stadium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
port	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freddy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pertinent	JJ POS	eng	eng
deeds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
son	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rosnow	PM NOM	eng	eng
ascendants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
euroscepticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trimming	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
favorable	JJ POS	eng	eng
rationalising	VB	eng	eng
unleashes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
earlbaum	PM NOM	eng	eng
fractalization	NN	eng	eng
causations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dialysis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hotlady	PM NOM	eng	eng
consumer-brand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coronations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
privilege	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
punishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
equilibrium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pageframe	NN	eng	eng
aggregately	AB	eng	eng
mccarville	PM NOM	eng	eng
eagleburger	PM NOM	eng	eng
narrowness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perfections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
berry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aidan	PM NOM	eng	eng
constant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impeachments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
legislated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
staningley	PM NOM	eng	eng
forward-looking	JJ POS	eng	eng
corporealities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abstract	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unofficially	AB	eng	eng
condemning	VB ING	eng	eng
calvary	PM NOM	eng	eng
boies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loughran	PM NOM	eng	eng
prevents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
playing	VB ING	eng	eng
alan	PM NOM	eng	eng
fabricating	VB ING	eng	eng
justly	AB	eng	eng
deudney	PM NOM	eng	eng
psyhiatry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
generation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cutoffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shopgirl	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
muggeridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
doohan	PM NOM	eng	eng
satisfactions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indexically	AB	eng	eng
rude	PM NOM	eng	eng
secretariat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dannaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
stud	NN	eng	eng
social-skills	NN	eng	eng
crofter	PM NOM	eng	eng
partisanship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newcoen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cain's	PM GEN	eng	eng
spending	VB ING	eng	eng
unavailable	JJ POS	eng	eng
jehue	PM NOM	eng	eng
calvert's	PM GEN	eng	eng
enterochromaffin-like	JJ	eng	eng
devoted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pleasant	JJ POS	eng	eng
glide	PM NOM	eng	eng
proneness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brainerd	PM NOM	eng	eng
introversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
metcalfe	PM NOM	eng	eng
sterilizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jeweled	JJ	eng	eng
formations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
muted	JJ POS	eng	eng
bunnies	NN PLU	eng	eng
bearings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incompetent	JJ POS	eng	eng
daltrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
euroclear	PM NOM	eng	eng
sociologically	AB	eng	eng
instituted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
x-trail	PM NOM	eng	eng
prenatal	JJ POS	eng	eng
inappropriate	JJ POS	eng	eng
buddhism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doric	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
couched	JJ POS	eng	eng
deities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kindred's	PM GEN	eng	eng
transparencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
senzime	PM NOM	eng	eng
riot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cellar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
saint-giles	PM NOM	eng	eng
spots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
longmartin	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenheart	PM NOM	eng	eng
sociography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warfares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tyrion	PM NOM	eng	eng
clearens	NN	eng	eng
synapse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stacy	PM NOM	eng	eng
meritorious	JJ POS	eng	eng
newhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
cathcart	PM NOM	eng	eng
reunification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
narcissism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
internalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quintet	NN	eng	eng
minimalise	VB	eng	eng
shailene	PM NOM	eng	eng
anesthesiology	NN	eng	eng
cell	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lambs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ubiquity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inland	JJ POS	eng	eng
scraps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
major	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hepatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
warehouses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tobeys	PM GEN	eng	eng
vulcano	NN	eng	eng
stidworthy	PM NOM	eng	eng
mixtures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inactivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spiritually	AB	eng	eng
succsex	NN	eng	eng
there	AB	eng	eng
vicar	PM NOM	eng	eng
ribbons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dependence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conspiracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
time-limited	JJ POS	eng	eng
kerouacs	PM GEN	eng	eng
gambler	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equine	NN	eng	eng
verbalization	NN	eng	eng
bridewell	PM NOM	eng	eng
worns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deskilling	VB ING	eng	eng
boardrooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kinships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
artist's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
partner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
driving	VB ING	eng	eng
stipulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
awaits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hutton	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcfly	PM NOM	eng	eng
actionable	JJ POS	eng	eng
mastery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equalized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
centrist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
microcosm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accuracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
islamists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mclovin	PM NOM	eng	eng
signature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parallelling	VB PRT	eng	eng
rationalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
andor	AB	eng	eng
hypocritically	AB	eng	eng
oscillation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
servilely	AB	eng	eng
incoherences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
land-use	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
approximations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mathematically	AB	eng	eng
industrialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gestures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interval	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
petitioners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consequences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
misirlou	PM NOM	eng	eng
innumerable	JJ POS	eng	eng
dooley	PM NOM	eng	eng
granddaughters	NN PLU	eng	eng
accretions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alyson	PM NOM	eng	eng
actants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attender	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
today's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
datak	PM NOM	eng	eng
fucks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tuning	VB ING	eng	eng
ascriptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pedantic	JJ	eng	eng
becames	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reilly's	PM GEN	eng	eng
protoctist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stretched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
thyroids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nature's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
refocused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
timeline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
symptom-specific	JJ	eng	eng
show	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
shadows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scanparks	PM NOM	eng	eng
mindset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pussycat	NN	eng	eng
bereavement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wooster	PM NOM	eng	eng
europeanization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dull	JJ POS	eng	eng
spectacle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resistant	JJ POS	eng	eng
inflexible	JJ POS	eng	eng
rumble	NN	eng	eng
fly	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
remnants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perpetuating	VB ING	eng	eng
mortalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
postpone	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
contentiously	AB	eng	eng
carewell	PM NOM	eng	eng
preeminence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nelley	PM NOM	eng	eng
gleneagle	PM NOM	eng	eng
exclusive	JJ POS	eng	eng
divests	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pretests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resettlements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anarchism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
comfort	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
runacademy	PM NOM	eng	eng
dyslexics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
licking	VB ING	eng	eng
unanimity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kindergarten	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hesitate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ready-formed	JJ POS	eng	eng
prominence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discontinous	JJ POS	eng	eng
lasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
regressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
informatic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supersci	PM NOM	eng	eng
jope-show	PM NOM	eng	eng
imitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conferring	VB ING	eng	eng
wherein	AB	eng	eng
collegial	JJ POS	eng	eng
marked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
seeker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counselings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
two-party	JJ POS	eng	eng
promoter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preacher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emphases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
auditor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hurd	PM NOM	eng	eng
disappoint	VB	eng	eng
satellite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cardiff	PM NOM	eng	eng
leanlink	PM NOM	eng	eng
uncaring	JJ	eng	eng
suitability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abdominally	AB	eng	eng
deteriorating	VB ING	eng	eng
t-rex	PM NOM	eng	eng
honeys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sort	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
powerpoint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stonetown	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychopathic	JJ POS	eng	eng
cowart	PM NOM	eng	eng
confidential	JJ POS	eng	eng
borne	VB PAP	eng	eng
animatedly	AB	eng	eng
sketches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reconcile	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
horrendous	JJ POS	eng	eng
dutton	PM NOM	eng	eng
immunodeficiency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scandinavian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guided	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
somatosensory	JJ POS	eng	eng
mindfulnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emanating	VB ING	eng	eng
aberrant	JJ POS	eng	eng
pockets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
patients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incipient	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peterman	PM NOM	eng	eng
kate	PM NOM	eng	eng
convergences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mount's	PM GEN	eng	eng
autopsy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foxworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
assembly	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
saddest	JJ	eng	eng
monthly	AB	eng	eng
sophistications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ainsworths	PM GEN	eng	eng
macleane	PM NOM	eng	eng
variable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moderated	JJ POS	eng	eng
diesels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
n'hate	PM NOM	eng	eng
cropwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
sri-induced	JJ	eng	eng
homelands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keesing	PM NOM	eng	eng
aberrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
styleography	PM NOM	eng	eng
explained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chartism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ernemouth	PM NOM	eng	eng
littlefield	PM NOM	eng	eng
videofy	VB	eng	eng
woolhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
working-class	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fascist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sisterhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revived	JJ POS	eng	eng
soulsavers	PM NOM	eng	eng
femininities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
irrationality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
degrade	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hull	PM NOM	eng	eng
boothroyd	PM NOM	eng	eng
bring	VB ING	eng	eng
commune	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
steinway	PM NOM	eng	eng
comedians	NN	eng	eng
harold	PM NOM	eng	eng
outperformed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
budge	PM NOM	eng	eng
mechanic	JJ POS	eng	eng
decorations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
workforce	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
roberts	PM NOM	eng	eng
osgood's	PM GEN	eng	eng
adcock	PM NOM	eng	eng
turnberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcclusky	PM NOM	eng	eng
rediscoveries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fatefully	AB	eng	eng
restructured	VB lang:fre	eng	eng
paucities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
felicity	PM NOM	eng	eng
dacre	PM NOM	eng	eng
stressfull	JJ	eng	eng
pete	PM NOM	eng	eng
agendasetting	NN	eng	eng
breadth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contemplates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
halos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
folks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subgrouping	NN	eng	eng
redescription	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interactions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disdained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcgrath	PM NOM	eng	eng
welsman	PM NOM	eng	eng
adverse	JJ POS	eng	eng
lackawanna	PM NOM	eng	eng
high-tech	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hooley	PM NOM	eng	eng
burnside	PM NOM	eng	eng
asylum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
railcare	PM NOM	eng	eng
structure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jerilee	PM NOM	eng	eng
themed	JJ POS	eng	eng
dismantling	VB ING	eng	eng
substratums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outland	PM NOM	eng	eng
gerontological	JJ POS	eng	eng
gratitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glosses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
illustrator	NN	eng	eng
talmudic	JJ POS	eng	eng
franciscan	JJ POS	eng	eng
first-movers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gavey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
preoperational	JJ POS	eng	eng
oxfordjournals	PM NOM	eng	eng
deflect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
communicator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accoutrements	NN	eng	eng
adhesive	JJ POS	eng	eng
one-night-stands	NN PLU	eng	eng
attesting	VB ING	eng	eng
federation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
employing	VB ING	eng	eng
ties	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
facticity	NN	eng	eng
inhabit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
exterior	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
construes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hinkle's	PM GEN	eng	eng
melrose	PM NOM	eng	eng
generals	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
poststructurally	AB	eng	eng
aid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
robbing	VB	eng	eng
reestablished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tndisciplined	JJ	eng	eng
ecologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leadley	PM NOM	eng	eng
taxation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clothe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heterosexual-homosexual	JJ POS	eng	eng
mid-1960s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pursue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
godly	PM NOM FREQ:10	eng	eng
foodtrucks	NN	eng	eng
hungrily	AB	eng	eng
ginger	PM NOM	eng	eng
denied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sediment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stereotype	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
associatively	AB	eng	eng
technical	JJ POS	eng	eng
exploding	VB ING	eng	eng
editions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
creditors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flanagan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
expiratory	JJ	eng	eng
apprehensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
june	NN	eng	eng
festivals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rollerpot	PM NOM	eng	eng
founding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
princely	AB	eng	eng
importantly	AB	eng	eng
mcginnies	PM NOM	eng	eng
luminously	AB	eng	eng
acromion	NN	eng	eng
yells	VB	eng	eng
dysfunction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
husband	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
migration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
magistrate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oxford	PM NOM	eng	eng
lumps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
payex	PM NOM	eng	eng
earnie	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcbeath	PM NOM	eng	eng
adjunctive	JJ	eng	eng
fatalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swinyard	PM NOM	eng	eng
layoff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stalwart	PM NOM	eng	eng
contemporaneously	AB	eng	eng
assumed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
behaviours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
risks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sweaters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hayhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
wartimes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
owns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
matrix	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inclusivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cortex	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcclelland's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tax-benefits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gasolines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
patiences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
richly	AB	eng	eng
snatches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
48th	JJ POS	eng	eng
alienation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worldwatch	PM NOM	eng	eng
trevor	PM NOM	eng	eng
adrift	JJ	eng	eng
abortions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
juxtapositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
radcliffe	PM NOM	eng	eng
apologised	VB PRT	eng	eng
cohabitating	JJ	eng	eng
liminal	JJ POS	eng	eng
philosophises	VB	eng	eng
blower	PM NOM	eng	eng
barwise	PM NOM	eng	eng
flours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quicker	JJ KOM	eng	eng
faults	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
watchfully	AB	eng	eng
backup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amplification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misogynies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
koreans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alleviations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stocking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tracheostomy	NN	eng	eng
separating	VB ING	eng	eng
paradoxical	JJ POS	eng	eng
sidgwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
popquiz	NN NEU SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
oranges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
he'd	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cerebration	NN	eng	eng
elgood	PM NOM	eng	eng
corbett	PM NOM	eng	eng
idahos	PM GEN	eng	eng
insistences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
staite	PM NOM	eng	eng
reader	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appetites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ammeter	NN	eng	eng
tracks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
critical-pragmatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
auras	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
downloads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
signs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
institutionalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ratings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
livacious	PM NOM	eng	eng
farley	PM NOM	eng	eng
sugary	JJ	eng	eng
differentiating	VB ING	eng	eng
speculator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cognizance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consequentialisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
renegotiations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
millet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ballet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
progressing	JJ POS	eng	eng
fix	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
standpoint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pesticides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lowborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
batter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
soaring	VB ING	eng	eng
windfall	NN	eng	eng
thrifty	JJ POS	eng	eng
disneyworld	PM NOM	eng	eng
nephrology	NN	eng	eng
roles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
abounding	VB ING	eng	eng
excitements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mayhall	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoare	PM NOM	eng	eng
phoebe	PM NOM	eng	eng
developmentalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sodium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hundred	RG	eng	eng
settles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
stalkers	NN UTR PLU IND GEN	eng	eng
testimony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
operationally	AB	eng	eng
headhunter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
topic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counterinsurgency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
very	AB	eng	eng
scenery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
estrogens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blackthorn's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inhelders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
westland	PM NOM	eng	eng
cayman	PM NOM	eng	eng
karmas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
criminalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grimwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
path	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
precipitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
baptismal	JJ POS	eng	eng
persuade	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kilogram	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sheds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
superintendencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
realhigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
crespy	PM NOM	eng	eng
metacognitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
behaves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
appeased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gestation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stipulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mathbell	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychophysiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
discrepant	JJ POS	eng	eng
tend-and-befriend	PM NOM	eng	eng
charizard	PM NOM	eng	eng
goodfellow	PM NOM	eng	eng
grapple	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carnoustie	PM NOM	eng	eng
transiting	VB	eng	eng
suburban	JJ POS	eng	eng
pesticide	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sanford	PM NOM	eng	eng
sponsor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feline	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-interest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
civilizationally	AB	eng	eng
informalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
twelfth	JJ POS	eng	eng
insidiously	AB	eng	eng
sanction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
social	JJ POS	eng	eng
programmer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
powell	PM NOM	eng	eng
sibley	PM NOM	eng	eng
paradoxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
upcoming	JJ POS	eng	eng
nineteenth-century	JJ POS	eng	eng
greatshots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cohorts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accident	NN	eng	eng
disastrously	AB	eng	eng
simplifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
eclecticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
keating's	PM GEN	eng	eng
motorworld	PM NOM	eng	eng
testbed	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
janeane	PM NOM	eng	eng
4th	JJ POS	eng	eng
alertness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
readjusting	VB	eng	eng
hum	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
national	JJ POS	eng	eng
martin	PM NOM	eng	eng
volleyballs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
listened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
involves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
incongruent	JJ POS	eng	eng
drydocks	NN	eng	eng
transplant	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
honey	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
third-parties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eubanks	PM NOM	eng	eng
stipulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
explicit	JJ POS	eng	eng
prayed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
veneer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
continously	AB	eng	eng
ticketing	VB ING	eng	eng
refuting	VB ING	eng	eng
enraged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
electricities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coughed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cubes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discontinuity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disguising	VB ING	eng	eng
ladder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
least	JJ POS	eng	eng
new-economy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clayborne	PM NOM	eng	eng
mitford	PM NOM	eng	eng
glorifying	VB ING	eng	eng
cerebellar	JJ POS	eng	eng
clinic-referred	JJ POS	eng	eng
catastrophic	JJ POS	eng	eng
risen	VB PAP	eng	eng
apparels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nigellissima	AB	eng	eng
approach	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
invalidates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
neame	PM NOM	eng	eng
phenotypical	JJ POS	eng	eng
boned	JJ	eng	eng
roams	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
acronyms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strengthens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quirk	PM NOM	eng	eng
hopelessnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
console	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
behaviour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
westwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
disparity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perspective-taking	JJ	eng	eng
admiralty	NN	eng	eng
rash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
physiologically	AB	eng	eng
nomination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brings	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
airway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
m-audio	PM NOM	eng	eng
cornish	JJ POS	eng	eng
vasey	PM NOM	eng	eng
sharepoint	PM NOM	eng	eng
adopted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
migrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kathryn	PM NOM	eng	eng
tricking	VB	eng	eng
gilmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
fascisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-conscious	JJ POS	eng	eng
incessant	JJ POS	eng	eng
3rd	RO	eng	eng
welfare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mountstuarts	PM GEN	eng	eng
portrayed	JJ POS	eng	eng
battles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instructive	JJ POS	eng	eng
reconstruct	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
seemed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dacres	PM NOM	eng	eng
confederate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elevating	VB ING	eng	eng
complain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tiresomely	AB	eng	eng
proclivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reformers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meaninglessly	AB	eng	eng
hunger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abreaction	NN	eng	eng
rough	JJ POS	eng	eng
likely	AB	eng	eng
sketch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
laity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gynecologist	NN	eng	eng
hyperactivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cognitively	AB	eng	eng
nail	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rediscovers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
regardless	AB	eng	eng
well-woman	NN	eng	eng
sexist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hacker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gwathmey	PM NOM	eng	eng
prosky	PM NOM	eng	eng
peaked	JJ POS	eng	eng
dragonhearts	PM NOM	eng	eng
transgressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
formalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wavin	PM NOM	eng	eng
conduct	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bounty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
woodham	PM NOM	eng	eng
subordination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shyness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
restaurants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcmanus	PM NOM	eng	eng
soapie	PM NOM	eng	eng
apertures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inciting	VB ING	eng	eng
punishment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
funding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lodney	PM NOM	eng	eng
assaults	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deakins	PM GEN	eng	eng
syllabuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spoken	VB PAP	eng	eng
courtwright	PM NOM	eng	eng
blessing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sensational	JJ POS	eng	eng
dignities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
agnostic	JJ POS	eng	eng
gratifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
destiney	PM NOM	eng	eng
redeeming	VB ING	eng	eng
outraged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
self-regulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
satterfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
groupie	NN	eng	eng
westport	PM NOM	eng	eng
rainn	PM NOM	eng	eng
hewitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
workforces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
specialized	VB PAP	eng	eng
hawkwind	PM NOM	eng	eng
looting	VB ING	eng	eng
hinsdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
ranching	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pencilling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
add	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
organismic	JJ POS	eng	eng
living	VB ING	eng	eng
wickedly	AB	eng	eng
philomena's	PM GEN	eng	eng
chamberlayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
christ's	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcmartin	PM NOM	eng	eng
co-operatively	AB	eng	eng
doorsteps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ethnicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tenth	RO	eng	eng
inappropriacy	NN	eng	eng
isles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pictorially	AB	eng	eng
ecologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hustle	PM NOM	eng	eng
countless	JJ POS	eng	eng
stopover	NN	eng	eng
waylon	PM NOM	eng	eng
practiced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
levey	PM NOM	eng	eng
lending	VB ING	eng	eng
practitioner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
naturalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
altogether	AB	eng	eng
contributors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cramer	PM NOM	eng	eng
disclosed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
booz	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychopath	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liberating	VB ING	eng	eng
gratitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hypothesizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
multi-layered	JJ POS	eng	eng
desirabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
definite	JJ POS	eng	eng
favorably	AB	eng	eng
diarrheas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indulging	VB ING	eng	eng
proportions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gowned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hypnotized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
structures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insulin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diploma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alfa-melanocyte	NN	eng	eng
suggest	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bathtub	NN	eng	eng
fertilizer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ultimately	AB	eng	eng
flour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gewirtz	PM NOM	eng	eng
trading	VB ING	eng	eng
fault	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
track	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
participated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tackles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reconciles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
habitus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ignoreds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
compartment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overexposed	JJ	eng	eng
conclusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scorer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inferential	JJ POS	eng	eng
canton	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hutchence	PM NOM	eng	eng
idaho	PM NOM	eng	eng
hates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blackbird	NN	eng	eng
infused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
satellites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
itchy	JJ	eng	eng
mace's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gibson	PM NOM	eng	eng
quiet	JJ POS	eng	eng
airplane	NN	eng	eng
motioned	VB PRT	eng	eng
numbering	VB ING	eng	eng
schemed	VB PRT	eng	eng
yolly	PM NOM	eng	eng
savings	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
radius	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skistars	PM GEN	eng	eng
minute	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appealing	JJ POS	eng	eng
participants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newmen	PM NOM	eng	eng
hourihane	PM NOM	eng	eng
imitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slept	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
breckenridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
superimposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
europcar	PM NOM	eng	eng
paquin	PM NOM	eng	eng
urbanized	JJ POS	eng	eng
shae-lynn	PM NOM	eng	eng
experienced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chronology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spectra	NN	eng	eng
neofunctionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cortexes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spatialities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
matrixes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colorfully	AB	eng	eng
genital	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wonderland	PM NOM	eng	eng
amphetamine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
occupiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
snatch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chemically	AB	eng	eng
shaping	VB ING	eng	eng
bifuel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exhausting	JJ POS	eng	eng
ainsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
message	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
charade	NN	eng	eng
birdy	NN	eng	eng
kurds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kinnear	PM NOM	eng	eng
valance	PM NOM	eng	eng
accomplished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
modifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
enemy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liberalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spot-checks	NN PLU	eng	eng
collided	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
topics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
motivating	VB ING	eng	eng
hadn	VB	eng	eng
invests	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
planed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
heaping	VB	eng	eng
gabys	PM GEN	eng	eng
cheaply	AB	eng	eng
karma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bandit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
age-old	JJ POS	eng	eng
upheld	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jeffersonian	JJ	eng	eng
boyznthe	PM NOM	eng	eng
bunch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
codename	NN	eng	eng
inconsistently	AB	eng	eng
subsidiarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
somali	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eileen	PM NOM	eng	eng
cronley	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethnografic	JJ POS	eng	eng
single-member	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amroliwala	PM NOM	eng	eng
touringcar	PM NOM	eng	eng
challenger	PM NOM	eng	eng
accretion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carting	VB	eng	eng
t-shirts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crain	PM NOM	eng	eng
punish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sleep-wake	NN	eng	eng
typological	JJ POS	eng	eng
warhol	PM NOM	eng	eng
halts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
culture-specific	JJ POS	eng	eng
wengrowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
cheering	VB ING	eng	eng
unwomen	PM NOM	eng	eng
jellyfish	NN	eng	eng
websearch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
californication	PM NOM	eng	eng
seals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
anti-colonial	JJ POS	eng	eng
socializations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recognizable	JJ POS	eng	eng
purse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
choice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inconsequential	JJ POS	eng	eng
shopper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
comstocks	PM GEN	eng	eng
zoës	PM NOM	eng	eng
adaptation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
othernesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
differentiated	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
literary	JJ POS	eng	eng
defuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
contributory	JJ POS	eng	eng
visas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amtrak	PM NOM	eng	eng
glenview	PM NOM	eng	eng
anarchisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exclusives	NN PLU	eng	eng
overrun	VB PST	eng	eng
scrabble	PM NOM	eng	eng
websites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
restoreds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
soundsystem	NN	eng	eng
millwalls	PM GEN	eng	eng
unsatisfying	VB ING	eng	eng
mindbender	PM NOM	eng	eng
significant	JJ POS	eng	eng
measurements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
specialties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
superiority	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spectacles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
idealisation	NN	eng	eng
glocalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
human	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
opelka	PM NOM	eng	eng
kyah	PM NOM	eng	eng
burkitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
macquarrie	PM NOM	eng	eng
deep-seated	JJ POS	eng	eng
mutualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
midlands	PM NOM	eng	eng
badlands	PM NOM	eng	eng
dullest	JJ	eng	eng
dictatorship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
superiorly	AB	eng	eng
maw	PM NOM	eng	eng
charmaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
century	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
measure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
aidans	PM GEN	eng	eng
on-fr	PP	eng	eng
wellness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anticipates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unresponsiveness	NN	eng	eng
forestalling	VB ING	eng	eng
froome	PM NOM	eng	eng
dawson	PM NOM	eng	eng
jargons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
face-to-face	AB	eng	eng
asean	JJ	eng	eng
prosocial	JJ POS	eng	eng
recent	JJ POS	eng	eng
normatively	AB	eng	eng
chimney	NN	eng	eng
donegan	PM NOM	eng	eng
crimetime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
localized	JJ POS	eng	eng
speedmaster	PM NOM	eng	eng
glencoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
elemental	JJ POS	eng	eng
fannie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
coaching	VB ING	eng	eng
diminution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
post-1945	JJ POS	eng	eng
accesses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
choreographed	VB	eng	eng
declaratively	AB	eng	eng
signatures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heavenly	AB	eng	eng
knittings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undoes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shepards	NN	eng	eng
laboriously	AB	eng	eng
culminating	VB ING	eng	eng
renewed	JJ POS	eng	eng
microcosms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concerned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
transcendently	AB	eng	eng
unrestricted	JJ POS	eng	eng
detract	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
negating	VB ING	eng	eng
o'donoghue	PM NOM	eng	eng
pre-scientific	JJ POS	eng	eng
thought	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boardroom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gorge	PM NOM	eng	eng
accord	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fulfilling	VB ING	eng	eng
yarn	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
defeat	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wellnox	PM NOM	eng	eng
help-seekers	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
strives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
referenda	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contracting	VB ING	eng	eng
self-made	JJ POS	eng	eng
backbencher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hodgetts	PM NOM	eng	eng
wormed	VB PRT	eng	eng
foodhills	PM NOM	eng	eng
warehouse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
irreverence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intergene	PM NOM	eng	eng
circulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
universalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'hanlan	PM NOM	eng	eng
copland	PM NOM	eng	eng
rotations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lower-class	JJ POS	eng	eng
hollyhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
audiences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marshall's	PM GEN	eng	eng
expatriates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
attributionally	AB	eng	eng
eloquence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subcommittee	NN	eng	eng
methods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
computerized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pain-face	NN	eng	eng
dotted	JJ POS	eng	eng
jolene	PM NOM	eng	eng
overlaps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
memorizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contentions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remotenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disadvantage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
posts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
privileges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stacys	PM GEN	eng	eng
o'rourke	PM NOM	eng	eng
barth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
criminality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
province	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
causation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treasured	JJ POS	eng	eng
congressionals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sane	JJ POS	eng	eng
meets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rag	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arabic	JJ POS	eng	eng
elapsed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
religion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ascendant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
present-centered	JJ	eng	eng
maccoun	PM NOM	eng	eng
retaining	VB ING	eng	eng
rustic	JJ POS	eng	eng
overlooking	VB ING	eng	eng
dukerich	PM NOM	eng	eng
fraught	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stockard	PM NOM	eng	eng
courtside	NN	eng	eng
foil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
facilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ennis-hill	PM NOM	eng	eng
formation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ryland	PM NOM	eng	eng
streetlight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hurst's	PM GEN	eng	eng
analyzed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
erupted	JJ POS	eng	eng
playlist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ordained	VB PST	eng	eng
qualia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonpolitical	JJ	eng	eng
marriage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accompanies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
modifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scrap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diplomacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toxicosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tobey	PM NOM	eng	eng
bye-bye	IN	eng	eng
streaks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
majors	PM NOM	eng	eng
callan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
scramble	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
brass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
presided	JJ POS	eng	eng
faire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
papal	JJ POS	eng	eng
17th	JJ POS	eng	eng
unethically	AB	eng	eng
narrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
disengaged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
buber	PM NOM	eng	eng
portias	PM GEN	eng	eng
persecution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holding's	PM GEN	eng	eng
analytical	JJ POS	eng	eng
strategist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refocusses	VB	eng	eng
ancestor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
french-speaking	JJ POS	eng	eng
cuff	NN	eng	eng
craftsmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retreat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
photographers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uniform	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gatwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
await	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
catalyze	VB	eng	eng
hutchinson	PM NOM	eng	eng
abandons	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
halsall	PM NOM	eng	eng
greening	PM NOM	eng	eng
motörhead's	PM GEN	eng	eng
warranty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jedis	NN PLU	eng	eng
windwagon	PM NOM	eng	eng
tootsies	PM GEN	eng	eng
museums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
navigation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
electroheat	PM NOM	eng	eng
mossbourne	PM NOM	eng	eng
overthrows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
refugeesweden	PM NOM	eng	eng
obsessive	JJ POS	eng	eng
wildes	PM GEN	eng	eng
longmire	PM NOM	eng	eng
tantrum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exmoor	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonpartisanship	NN	eng	eng
productions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discrepancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brownlee	PM NOM	eng	eng
syncronised	JJ POS	eng	eng
foucauldian	JJ POS	eng	eng
syncs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
predictably	AB	eng	eng
corporatists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parameters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
design	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
workers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
touch-stone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quilty	PM NOM	eng	eng
successor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
life-threatening	JJ POS	eng	eng
montauk	PM NOM	eng	eng
migrant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thornburgh	PM NOM	eng	eng
skis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coordinates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
criminally	AB	eng	eng
fakes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
injections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brightness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deliverance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dubbed	JJ POS	eng	eng
hardliners	NN	eng	eng
catfished	JJ	eng	eng
immaturities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bluthal	PM NOM	eng	eng
innovator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retrieved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
drogheda	PM NOM	eng	eng
bryan	PM NOM	eng	eng
dwain	PM NOM	eng	eng
imperfections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
absorptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abercromby	PM NOM	eng	eng
cell-mediated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
holocausts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
verrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
dedication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
congleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
stephenie	PM NOM	eng	eng
postponements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
real-life	JJ POS	eng	eng
manner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instigations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intimacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revisits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
walkerdines	PM GEN	eng	eng
shrewdly	AB	eng	eng
lap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
invidiously	AB	eng	eng
dowswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
overshadowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
philological	JJ POS	eng	eng
homosexuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clancy	PM NOM	eng	eng
professionalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
shorthand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emphasizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
scheduling	VB ING	eng	eng
peculiarities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
feherty	PM NOM	eng	eng
coughlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
inactive	JJ POS	eng	eng
hardwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
intracellular	JJ POS	eng	eng
book	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
airport	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
waterhouses	PM GEN	eng	eng
discern	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reassured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dorchester	PM NOM	eng	eng
lyndhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
inflexibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sunglasses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
priced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
louisville	PM NOM	eng	eng
unsuccessful	JJ POS	eng	eng
banana	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sparse	JJ POS	eng	eng
shortfall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plasmalyte	PM NOM	eng	eng
joanie	PM NOM	eng	eng
runabout	PM NOM	eng	eng
bitterblue	JJ	eng	eng
incidence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
form	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sinner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tartly	AB	eng	eng
complains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
impatient	JJ POS	eng	eng
skyrim	PM NOM	eng	eng
reformer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dependently	AB	eng	eng
unconstrained	JJ POS	eng	eng
glowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
barebow	NN	eng	eng
spiral	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supervisory	JJ POS	eng	eng
dissatisfactions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dreamt	VB	eng	eng
escapes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
psycho-social	JJ POS	eng	eng
papacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
affronting	VB ING	eng	eng
vasoactive	JJ	eng	eng
notepads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
denigration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deviant	JJ POS	eng	eng
treacherously	AB	eng	eng
reorganisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disrespectfully	AB	eng	eng
deal	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
insularity	NN	eng	eng
teen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
numerical	JJ POS	eng	eng
exhortation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waynforth	PM NOM	eng	eng
interpersonally	AB	eng	eng
individualized	JJ POS	eng	eng
occupancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rowland	PM NOM	eng	eng
sedimentary	JJ POS	eng	eng
hypergene	PM NOM	eng	eng
cooper	PM NOM	eng	eng
wallstreet	PM NOM	eng	eng
aperture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shirley	PM NOM	eng	eng
corpses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gordie	PM NOM	eng	eng
sexualization	NN	eng	eng
inserting	VB ING	eng	eng
socializes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
insider	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
acknowledgements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
partition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deliberate	JJ POS	eng	eng
lightningsky	PM NOM	eng	eng
sanctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
raiding	VB ING	eng	eng
dwayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
fixed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fluid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cellnews	PM NOM	eng	eng
monologues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
labour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prominently	AB	eng	eng
accomplice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
host	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
millstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
disagreeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
fighting	VB ING	eng	eng
biomedically	AB	eng	eng
g-girl	PM NOM	eng	eng
declare	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
flesh's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
precipitate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
firepower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
catwoman	PM NOM	eng	eng
nationals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transposing	VB ING	eng	eng
luckylook	PM NOM	eng	eng
inmate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unauthorized	JJ POS	eng	eng
demented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
accidents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
norwegians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldminers	NN	eng	eng
jaycee	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethnomethodologically	AB	eng	eng
lacks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
thacker	PM NOM	eng	eng
hinder	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
clinician	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lungs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
families	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
voguing	NN	eng	eng
integrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bradlees	PM GEN	eng	eng
commonplaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fury	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discernments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
postcommunists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rushing's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcneil's	PM GEN	eng	eng
woman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
periodontally	AB	eng	eng
pointon	PM NOM	eng	eng
monroe	PM NOM	eng	eng
jfk	PM NOM	eng	eng
legitimations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wearness	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccambridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
senate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exerted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
come	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ministry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
biological	JJ POS	eng	eng
coonts	PM NOM	eng	eng
x-linked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mine	PN	eng	eng
pry	PM NOM	eng	eng
repertory	JJ POS	eng	eng
fraternally	AB	eng	eng
workable	JJ POS	eng	eng
trainer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alcoholic	JJ POS	eng	eng
lampoon's	NN	eng	eng
untied	VB PRT	eng	eng
propositional	JJ POS	eng	eng
seduce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
photocopy	PM NOM	eng	eng
sotheby	PM NOM	eng	eng
incarnations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ethiopia	PM NOM	eng	eng
variety	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grandma's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
inwards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fur	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ciaran	PM NOM	eng	eng
revivalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burn-e	PM NOM	eng	eng
implying	VB ING	eng	eng
speechless	JJ	eng	eng
sinks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
step-parentings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diurnal	JJ	eng	eng
industrialization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thursday	PM NOM	eng	eng
irons	NN	eng	eng
foord	PM NOM	eng	eng
impose	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
steinwall	PM NOM	eng	eng
medic	JJ	eng	eng
tilting	VB ING	eng	eng
runtime	NN	eng	eng
inclusiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rebellion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
facilitates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
untested	JJ POS	eng	eng
leslee	PM NOM	eng	eng
promote	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
use-program	NN	eng	eng
crows	PM GEN	eng	eng
trajectories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reconstructing	VB ING	eng	eng
porcelains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
of'em	AB	eng	eng
airplanes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abroad	AB	eng	eng
monopolistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
warbuton	PM NOM	eng	eng
lexically	AB	eng	eng
sewage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thoroughness	NN	eng	eng
gyms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
future	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
danes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
societally	AB	eng	eng
doctors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ratifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
occupier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
narcissistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
reports	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
issue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inspirational	JJ POS	eng	eng
shoot	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ordinated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
torts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
burchell	PM NOM	eng	eng
gentlemen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roadtrip	NN	eng	eng
basis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jeane	PM NOM	eng	eng
apne-hypopnea	NN	eng	eng
ayers	PM NOM	eng	eng
france	PM NOM	eng	eng
repress	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pre-eminence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
huey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
caldwell's	PM GEN	eng	eng
humphries	PM GEN	eng	eng
tautologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
voights	PM GEN	eng	eng
card	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
creaturely	AB	eng	eng
bogosian	PM NOM	eng	eng
firesetters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
majesty's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
rumour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winstead	PM NOM	eng	eng
bloomfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
gatherings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overconceptualization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
popularly	AB	eng	eng
carrot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-initiated	NN	eng	eng
bloomsbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
unattractively	AB	eng	eng
opting	VB ING	eng	eng
slope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
via	PP	eng	eng
butch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
depravity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weighs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
opposes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
boatwright	PM NOM	eng	eng
sackville-west	PM NOM	eng	eng
interruptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
turns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
another's	PN GEN	eng	eng
scars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inclines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gainesville	PM NOM	eng	eng
blessings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
world	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
minecraft	PM NOM	eng	eng
sustainably	AB	eng	eng
staring	VB ING	eng	eng
technology-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
spraytanning	NN	eng	eng
straightens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
invocation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sectorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
bedtime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intra	JJ POS	eng	eng
doorstep	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distancing	VB ING	eng	eng
cathleen	PM NOM	eng	eng
beaked	VB	eng	eng
wees	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
alt-right	PM NOM	eng	eng
gospels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stair	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
courageously	AB	eng	eng
attic	JJ POS	eng	eng
secured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
accrues	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
conscientiousness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worrisome	JJ POS	eng	eng
sorensen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
complementarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ltd.	JJ POS	eng	eng
waists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
betterment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
syesha	PM NOM	eng	eng
snails	PM NOM	eng	eng
appraised	JJ POS	eng	eng
commensurate	JJ POS	eng	eng
bronze	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
propagate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
centrally	AB	eng	eng
chat	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
heatings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
english-language	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ocean	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
determinant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
siberian	JJ	eng	eng
aided	JJ POS	eng	eng
tyranny	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dalloway	PM NOM	eng	eng
mortal	JJ POS	eng	eng
handkerchief	NN	eng	eng
tempts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
acceptability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fraying	VB ING	eng	eng
peterboroughs	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcnamee	PM NOM	eng	eng
autonomies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sapiens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beals	PM NOM	eng	eng
call	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
vindicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
problem-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
shearwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
remediations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swoopers	NN	eng	eng
weaved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gentleman's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
subsuming	VB ING	eng	eng
diarrhea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leach	PM NOM	eng	eng
planets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
socialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seattles	PM GEN	eng	eng
mapplethorpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
joined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ralph	PM NOM	eng	eng
stereoscopes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unmasking	VB ING	eng	eng
maximization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toya	PM NOM	eng	eng
reactor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
browning's	PM GEN	eng	eng
either-or	AB	eng	eng
cortical	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-state	NN	eng	eng
newsner	PM NOM	eng	eng
huckleberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
genetically	AB	eng	eng
misconducts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
coexistence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
icon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grojband	PM NOM	eng	eng
zenith	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stubbornly	AB	eng	eng
unalias	NN	eng	eng
braveheart	PM NOM	eng	eng
publishings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bisexuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vigilant	JJ POS	eng	eng
disposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
herold	PM NOM	eng	eng
plaintiff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ultrasounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
humanity's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
snapper	PM NOM	eng	eng
graphical	JJ POS	eng	eng
spatulas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
houses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
musics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interlocutors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
memory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tatlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
frierson	PM NOM	eng	eng
stamps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
arcades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transylvania	PM NOM	eng	eng
childless	JJ POS	eng	eng
bypassed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
harbors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
importance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pornography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cherwell's	PM GEN	eng	eng
indexing	VB ING	eng	eng
directions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
senselessly	AB	eng	eng
histories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clientization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dodie	PM NOM	eng	eng
visitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laborer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
geoffrey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
seclusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recruited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
resurrected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
interactivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mediately	AB	eng	eng
cloning	VB ING	eng	eng
forgotten	VB PAP	eng	eng
evasion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knitting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vertigo	PM NOM	eng	eng
talese	PM NOM	eng	eng
wurr	PM NOM	eng	eng
branching	VB ING	eng	eng
multitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
technologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jocelyns	PM GEN	eng	eng
municipalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
realist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doubled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
squeezes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
statue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carbohydrates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nipples	NN PLU	eng	eng
dismissals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amalgam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breathlessness	NN	eng	eng
naturalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
culture's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
summing	VB ING	eng	eng
reconstituted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
city-states	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
delayed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
depleted	JJ POS	eng	eng
travelright	PM NOM	eng	eng
silly	JJ POS	eng	eng
range	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interphalangeal	JJ	eng	eng
cancer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
specialises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deaf	JJ POS	eng	eng
niche	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conway	PM NOM	eng	eng
objectives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
itinerant	JJ POS	eng	eng
timeliness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shallots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fact-finding	NN	eng	eng
longing	VB ING	eng	eng
adhering	VB ING	eng	eng
dyke	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
zodiac	PM NOM	eng	eng
corny	JJ	eng	eng
pre-conscious	JJ	eng	eng
positing	VB ING	eng	eng
redistribution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-white	JJ POS	eng	eng
gentries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
widespread	JJ POS	eng	eng
intakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quarfood	PM NOM	eng	eng
turbomachinery	NN	eng	eng
unremittingly	AB	eng	eng
drugstore	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonwhite	JJ POS	eng	eng
crowther	PM NOM	eng	eng
whereabouts	AB	eng	eng
weale	PM NOM	eng	eng
neverwinternights	PM NOM	eng	eng
nascent	JJ POS	eng	eng
equivocally	AB	eng	eng
cornering	VB	eng	eng
eurocentric	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcdowall	PM NOM	eng	eng
serenade	NN	eng	eng
institutionalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
smoke	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
macdonalds	PM NOM	eng	eng
bombed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
flats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trainors	PM GEN	eng	eng
sics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
comstock	PM NOM	eng	eng
plagues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
generative	JJ POS	eng	eng
burdensome	JJ POS	eng	eng
remote	JJ POS	eng	eng
conquering	VB ING	eng	eng
plantation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
childhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hardiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compositional	JJ POS	eng	eng
denigrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
guards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clarissa	PM NOM	eng	eng
affirming	VB ING	eng	eng
shuttles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
starlit	JJ	eng	eng
pettingale	PM NOM	eng	eng
distracted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
castes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
emeralds	PM NOM	eng	eng
autocracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tags	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sneakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
generalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
supersedes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
goal-attainment	NN	eng	eng
angry	JJ POS	eng	eng
lowly	AB	eng	eng
classical	JJ POS	eng	eng
idols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
microbiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
hooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
millwall	PM NOM	eng	eng
dipping	VB ING	eng	eng
restored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
behaviourisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
figurations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
illuminating	JJ POS	eng	eng
extreme	JJ POS	eng	eng
stacpoole	PM NOM	eng	eng
heal	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rosy	JJ	eng	eng
yards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
linguistical	NN NEU SIN DEF NOM freq:17	eng	eng
dogma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tewson	PM NOM	eng	eng
cubicles	NN PLU	eng	eng
smithers	PM NOM	eng	eng
unlearn	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
replying	VB ING	eng	eng
weathering	VB	eng	eng
better	JJ KOM	eng	eng
post-cold	JJ POS	eng	eng
bromwich's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dukelow	PM NOM	eng	eng
kokrak	PM NOM	eng	eng
salt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
destructiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
predominates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
greenings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
injury	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allegory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
onecoin	NN	eng	eng
do-watch-listen-say	VB	eng	eng
unfavorable	JJ POS	eng	eng
disqualified	JJ	eng	eng
readable	JJ POS	eng	eng
expansionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
formality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maggie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
domesday	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jurisdictionally	AB	eng	eng
rugged	JJ	eng	eng
coomes	PM NOM	eng	eng
calf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winsford	PM NOM	eng	eng
defection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
montgomery's	PM GEN	eng	eng
blogs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strause	PM NOM	eng	eng
vowels	NN PLU	eng	eng
giggling	VB ING	eng	eng
rearmament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
literacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quickstile	NN	eng	eng
borderless	JJ POS	eng	eng
causality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cupcakes	NN UTR PLU IND NOM	eng	eng
mysteriously	AB	eng	eng
baroness	PM NOM	eng	eng
headphones	NN	eng	eng
broadcloths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vary	VB	eng	eng
exemplified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
meghann	PM NOM	eng	eng
imports	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
screen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pivotally	AB	eng	eng
bledsoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
urethra	NN	eng	eng
utilizing	VB ING	eng	eng
heightened	JJ POS	eng	eng
libel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cracker	NN	eng	eng
constellations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parcelling	VB ING	eng	eng
wagons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
motif	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instructing	VB ING	eng	eng
seagull	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swofford	PM NOM	eng	eng
wholeness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amnesty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neurophysiologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impress	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
punch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
potato	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delineate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
extra-welfarism	NN	eng	eng
sensitivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trenody	PM NOM	eng	eng
stabilizing	VB ING	eng	eng
deviations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heckles	NN	eng	eng
leaderships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slip	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
brokedown	NN	eng	eng
parrish	PM NOM	eng	eng
louder	JJ	eng	eng
seasonal	JJ POS	eng	eng
pinckney	PM NOM	eng	eng
relax	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcgreevey	PM NOM	eng	eng
booklet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
memorize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
thrash	NN	eng	eng
wicklow	PM NOM	eng	eng
foreshadowed	JJ POS	eng	eng
prioritise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
interesting	VB ING	eng	eng
inverting	VB ING	eng	eng
rotation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knifes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hyperreality	NN	eng	eng
audience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
veto	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
geoffroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
yohimbine	NN	eng	eng
reworking	VB ING	eng	eng
bonkings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disintegrated	JJ POS	eng	eng
religions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gatekeeper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kath	PM NOM	eng	eng
predictors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ailing	VB ING	eng	eng
accelerate	VB	eng	eng
cohesively	AB	eng	eng
tranquilly	AB	eng	eng
fingertip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
provinces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldthorpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
metrological	JJ	eng	eng
scrambles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
whitcomb	PM NOM	eng	eng
abdication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
streetstyle	NN	eng	eng
rowledge	PM NOM	eng	eng
fitzgeralds	PM GEN	eng	eng
tabloid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
asbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
findings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mabley	PM NOM	eng	eng
marriages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
irresponsible	JJ POS	eng	eng
transuranic	JJ POS	eng	eng
whassup	IN	eng	eng
banford	PM NOM	eng	eng
everybody	PN	eng	eng
brydon	PM NOM	eng	eng
playlists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
housewives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overlapping	JJ POS	eng	eng
sausage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hijackers	NN	eng	eng
radioactive	JJ POS	eng	eng
browders	PM GEN	eng	eng
regression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mentalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
chalks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
catmull	PM NOM	eng	eng
horsemanship	NN	eng	eng
easygoing	JJ	eng	eng
jackdaniels	PM NOM	eng	eng
startled	JJ POS	eng	eng
anaemia	NN	eng	eng
ancestors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
little	JJ POS	eng	eng
hormones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stripe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grantchester	PM NOM	eng	eng
spell	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ratifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
garrett's	PM GEN	eng	eng
lucy	PM NOM	eng	eng
accomplishment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
characterise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
raymer	PM NOM	eng	eng
huddleston	PM NOM	eng	eng
provenance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
matthau	PM NOM	eng	eng
fingertips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
astonishing	JJ POS	eng	eng
trimmings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mednick	PM NOM	eng	eng
vice	JJ POS	eng	eng
professionalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
raged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcgivern	PM NOM	eng	eng
socialities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
predictor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delinquents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
koepka	PM NOM	eng	eng
pulmonary	JJ POS	eng	eng
enzyme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
qualifiers	NN PLU	eng	eng
luna's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nonsociologists	NN PLU	eng	eng
hawton	PM NOM	eng	eng
maturities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vesey	PM NOM	eng	eng
abstracts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alcohol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
constants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
music	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ensuing	VB ING	eng	eng
multimedia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
house	PM NOM	eng	eng
mymidnight	NN	eng	eng
one-dimensional	JJ POS	eng	eng
prescriptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-verbal	JJ POS	eng	eng
confinement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nourished	JJ POS	eng	eng
ineffable	JJ POS	eng	eng
sizeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
farraway	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcilvanney	PM NOM	eng	eng
aspirational	JJ POS	eng	eng
aerosmiths	PM NOM	eng	eng
telos	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equipped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
roofs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
henry's	PM GEN	eng	eng
uptown	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stamp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
patronizing	VB ING	eng	eng
abusive	JJ POS	eng	eng
kagan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sheltered	JJ POS	eng	eng
assists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
audiovisually	AB	eng	eng
lets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cornet's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
rhythm'n	NN	eng	eng
retrievable	JJ POS	eng	eng
premise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neil	PM NOM	eng	eng
melora	PM NOM	eng	eng
ovenden	PM NOM	eng	eng
progressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
belt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prepares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
realisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aroused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
endogenously	AB	eng	eng
wedding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nucky	PM NOM	eng	eng
familiarizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
received	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
verdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
comeback	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
urging	VB ING	eng	eng
greenham	PM NOM	eng	eng
defections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brade	PM NOM	eng	eng
grapewine	PM NOM	eng	eng
sugar-coat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
junctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
robberies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
triumphant	JJ POS	eng	eng
harrisons	PM GEN	eng	eng
ranges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adsorbed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
conceiving	VB ING	eng	eng
curved	JJ POS	eng	eng
agreeableness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sophists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
niches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quarters	NN	eng	eng
silvicultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
dframe	NN	eng	eng
materialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confirmations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
principalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nonacademic	JJ	eng	eng
body-mass	NN	eng	eng
saddled	VB PRT	eng	eng
noneconomic	JJ POS	eng	eng
gradient	JJ POS	eng	eng
tooks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pictures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
noah	PM NOM	eng	eng
hagrid	PM NOM	eng	eng
fairtrade	PM NOM	eng	eng
previews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laughter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
growing	VB ING	eng	eng
slower	JJ KOM	eng	eng
phrased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
timelessly	AB	eng	eng
word	PM NOM	eng	eng
burberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
wuthering	JJ	eng	eng
vindication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deviation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scolded	VB PRT	eng	eng
prefab	JJ	eng	eng
lupone	PM NOM	eng	eng
orwells	PM GEN	eng	eng
netherlands	PM NOM	eng	eng
delineates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
trouser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cheques	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
popstars	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-profit	JJ POS	eng	eng
smokes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
therapies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moonshiners	PM NOM	eng	eng
myfair	PM NOM	eng	eng
arch	NN	eng	eng
drawbridge	NN	eng	eng
cookalong	PM NOM	eng	eng
hodgdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
rightness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cheezier	JJ	eng	eng
ammunition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hermeneutics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
manufacturers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parsimony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consummations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nightbird	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ashbery	PM NOM	eng	eng
headphone	NN	eng	eng
penance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
endorsing	VB ING	eng	eng
conjure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
caste	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pendulum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maneuver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
propagation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
novelist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reoffending	VB ING	eng	eng
gov's	PM GEN	eng	eng
rapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
divorces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peek's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
unbreakables	NN	eng	eng
subsidy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
land-uses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polarised	JJ	eng	eng
transformationally	AB	eng	eng
dogmas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enrichments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intervals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
connectionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oberyns	PM GEN	eng	eng
blond	JJ POS	eng	eng
councelling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pulls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sorcery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collison	PM NOM	eng	eng
unpublished	JJ POS	eng	eng
psychoanalysts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scorned	VB PRT	eng	eng
naturalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
slum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
earp	PM NOM	eng	eng
burn	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
precept	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
timelines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vowel	NN	eng	eng
middelman	PM NOM	eng	eng
adriaens	PM GEN	eng	eng
superficially	AB	eng	eng
objective	JJ POS	eng	eng
attenders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nurturant	JJ POS	eng	eng
white's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dye	VB	eng	eng
racing	VB ING	eng	eng
assistance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postpones	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wrexham	PM NOM	eng	eng
napa	PM NOM	eng	eng
libels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
health-damaging	JJ	eng	eng
wagon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supersede	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
motifs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weighted	JJ POS	eng	eng
hurting	JJ POS	eng	eng
ritualized	VB PAP	eng	eng
deen	PM NOM	eng	eng
noodle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cults	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hewson	PM NOM	eng	eng
worshiped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
revolutionist	NN	eng	eng
denigrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcquail	PM NOM	eng	eng
childhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cost-benefits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
excusing	VB ING	eng	eng
communicatively	AB	eng	eng
hesitates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
vipers	NN PLU	eng	eng
schism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dyslexic	JJ POS	eng	eng
shorthanded	JJ	eng	eng
massage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
awarenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hallisay	PM NOM	eng	eng
o'hagan	PM NOM	eng	eng
zemeckis	PM NOM	eng	eng
bluechip	PM NOM	eng	eng
connell	PM NOM	eng	eng
embargos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
approving	VB ING	eng	eng
fiveaside	NN	eng	eng
amplify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
baddest	JJ	eng	eng
blanket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stomachs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
duffin	PM NOM	eng	eng
generously	AB	eng	eng
plaintiffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unsurprisingly	AB	eng	eng
knife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deseret	PM NOM	eng	eng
pricewaterhousecoopers	PM NOM	eng	eng
unjustified	JJ POS	eng	eng
intrapsychic	JJ POS	eng	eng
leeway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
2-year-old	JJ	eng	eng
jeffery	PM NOM	eng	eng
biomechanics	NN	eng	eng
scroll	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ventures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
langfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
normalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
system	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncombusted	JJ POS	eng	eng
associated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
comprehensible	JJ POS	eng	eng
limiting	VB ING	eng	eng
gimme	VB	eng	eng
gayer	JJ	eng	eng
claymore	PM NOM	eng	eng
clouding	JJ	eng	eng
heterogenity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adjoining	VB ING	eng	eng
superbly	AB	eng	eng
mackerras	PM NOM	eng	eng
dunton	PM NOM	eng	eng
chesney	PM NOM	eng	eng
pot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
galician	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coffers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suboxone	PM NOM	eng	eng
controller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retailing	VB ING	eng	eng
outset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gracing	VB	eng	eng
deafest	JJ	eng	eng
prosperously	AB	eng	eng
ioniq	NN	eng	eng
longcat	PM NOM	eng	eng
gifts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tenant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perceptually	AB	eng	eng
lingering	VB ING	eng	eng
dismissal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sheared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
vitamin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buttocks	NN PLU	eng	eng
cruises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcroberts	PM NOM	eng	eng
ever-increasingly	AB	eng	eng
kane	PM NOM	eng	eng
laird	PM NOM	eng	eng
rodley	PM NOM	eng	eng
multitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
duncans	PM GEN	eng	eng
playdoo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quickfix	NN	eng	eng
landing	VB ING	eng	eng
substituting	VB ING	eng	eng
unevennesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
islamist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seclusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gestalt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cappings	NN PLU	eng	eng
spells	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
work's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
centrists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newitem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
judicial	JJ POS	eng	eng
clues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
potatoes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
direction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oppressing	VB ING	eng	eng
pembersmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
delights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
real-libertarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orphan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yearwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
partitioned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
boogieman	PM NOM	eng	eng
complacently	AB	eng	eng
chalk	NN	eng	eng
harvested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
added	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
milligan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
penetrated	JJ POS	eng	eng
luxuriously	AB	eng	eng
revolutionary	JJ POS	eng	eng
basques	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stahl	PM NOM	eng	eng
clipaholics	NN PLU	eng	eng
transforming	VB ING	eng	eng
markets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inhibiting	VB ING	eng	eng
legislatively	AB	eng	eng
cruisers	NN	eng	eng
recurring	JJ POS	eng	eng
spires	NN	eng	eng
failure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sherman	PM NOM	eng	eng
glasgow	PM NOM	eng	eng
gruis	PM NOM	eng	eng
slicing	PM NOM FREQ:26	eng	eng
latinos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cervically	AB	eng	eng
paddled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hubris	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sharpest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
ramsgate	PM NOM	eng	eng
felicitys	PM GEN	eng	eng
platinum	PM NOM	eng	eng
helfie	NN	eng	eng
deposited	JJ POS	eng	eng
operationalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
ewen	PM NOM	eng	eng
castle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spottiswoode's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mechanics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
babyshambles	PM NOM	eng	eng
symbolising	VB ING	eng	eng
self-propelled	NN	eng	eng
regrets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mew	PM NOM	eng	eng
diet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
taint	VB	eng	eng
socialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delineation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rourke	PM NOM	eng	eng
labs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
renovation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
replacements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wrapped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
civilisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infecting	VB	eng	eng
vindicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nonmorally	AB	eng	eng
admirer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treatment-refractory	NN	eng	eng
mentee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redirected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lancet	PM NOM	eng	eng
hauls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
finchley	PM NOM	eng	eng
supervisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
behavior-change	NN	eng	eng
exteriors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allegedly	AB	eng	eng
construe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
recapturing	VB ING	eng	eng
formatted	VB	eng	eng
propagates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
x-country	PM NOM	eng	eng
hodgson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inventive	JJ POS	eng	eng
braddock	PM NOM	eng	eng
jamming	VB	eng	eng
wallance	PM NOM	eng	eng
collectivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deuteronomy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hygienes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
open-minded	JJ POS	eng	eng
corset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kierens	PM GEN	eng	eng
relining	NN	eng	eng
twenty	RG	eng	eng
blocs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uttering	VB ING	eng	eng
replace	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fluids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
optimistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
porcelain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
changed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
poodles	NN	eng	eng
eurogames	PM NOM	eng	eng
bath	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macnicol	PM NOM	eng	eng
preachers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
atomism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
geopolitics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
promoters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
actuarially	AB	eng	eng
mutual	JJ POS	eng	eng
rebellions	NNP LU	eng	eng
neighbourhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ring	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
isolationism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
upmarket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
states-of-mind	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
superfly	PM NOM	eng	eng
wyder	PM NOM	eng	eng
plaque	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seventeenth-century	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sharpley	PM NOM	eng	eng
deloach	PM NOM	eng	eng
differs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
disputing	VB ING	eng	eng
expel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
crippling	VB ING	eng	eng
educating	VB ING	eng	eng
jumping-fitness	PM NOM	eng	eng
radiofrequency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
informs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
timesaving	JJ POS	eng	eng
reflexively	AB	eng	eng
intriguing	JJ POS	eng	eng
italic	JJ POS	eng	eng
crazed	JJ	eng	eng
burnett's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chalet	NN	eng	eng
challanges	NN PL spell	eng	eng
cost-effectively	AB	eng	eng
realistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
executing	VB ING	eng	eng
nightvideos	NN	eng	eng
obstruction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gathering	VB ING	eng	eng
nationhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coincidence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
time	NN	eng	eng
exemplification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
miseries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unquoted	JJ POS	eng	eng
deceit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tolerated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inalienable	JJ POS	eng	eng
syncretism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
f-type	PM NOM	eng	eng
verifying	VB ING	eng	eng
lukes	PM NOM	eng	eng
afflicted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
haunted	JJ POS	eng	eng
icebears	NN	eng	eng
inducing	VB ING	eng	eng
targeted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
plead	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
keseley	PM NOM	eng	eng
likeonway	NN	eng	eng
public-private	JJ POS	eng	eng
homeland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
occupy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
editor's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
swoosie	PM NOM	eng	eng
variables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wolf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seed	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
golfstore	PM NOM	eng	eng
gentlemens	NN PLU GEN	eng	eng
flus	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fallingwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
cleghorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
healingcrystals	NN	eng	eng
overloading	VB ING	eng	eng
practicable	JJ POS	eng	eng
manley	PM NOM	eng	eng
noxiously	AB	eng	eng
tibetan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
download	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
norwegian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
matures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
placer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sherlock's	PM GEN	eng	eng
august	PM NOM	eng	eng
goal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corrupted	JJ POS	eng	eng
continuing	VB ING	eng	eng
westgate	PM NOM	eng	eng
alistair	PM NOM	eng	eng
indirectly	AB	eng	eng
neuroticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appetite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interpenetrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hiskey	PM NOM	eng	eng
alike	AB	eng	eng
smokers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
state	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alleway	PM NOM	eng	eng
stenting	NN	eng	eng
artificialities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weeding	VB ING	eng	eng
monologue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shorten	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unnaturally	AB	eng	eng
partitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resume	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
trinkets	NN PLU	eng	eng
unrequested	VB	eng	eng
obvious	JJ POS	eng	eng
impervious	JJ POS	eng	eng
cascades	NN	eng	eng
occipital	JJ POS	eng	eng
countercultural	JJ	eng	eng
socialize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
medics	NN	eng	eng
dreyfus	PM NOM	eng	eng
accessories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mathers	PM NOM	eng	eng
alcoholics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
issues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marschall	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcgoldrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
shoots	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
subjectivist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
illnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
migraine	NN	eng	eng
insensitivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stencilling	VB ING	eng	eng
fragmenting	JJ POS	eng	eng
independences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scribe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
routledgefalmer's	PM GEN	eng	eng
door-in-the-face	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bowled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
authorizing	VB ING	eng	eng
konzo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rangers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
workfare	PM NOM	eng	eng
couple's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
male-to-female	NN	eng	eng
slavery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mccrery	PM NOM	eng	eng
printer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inescapable	JJ POS	eng	eng
persuades	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
kilograms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amounting	VB ING	eng	eng
tavelyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
qualls	PM NOM	eng	eng
heartfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
devane	PM NOM	eng	eng
thermo	NN	eng	eng
introspectively	AB	eng	eng
frogs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brazilmania	PM NOM	eng	eng
immortality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clinicians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waffle	PM NOM	eng	eng
inhelder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
estrogen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stockwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
diverting	VB ING	eng	eng
creditor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chimpanzee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kingspan	PM NOM	eng	eng
quaterly	AB	eng	eng
frowned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
embedding	VB ING	eng	eng
choose	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sediments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
break-even	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nomothetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
concluded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mid-1960	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subconscious	JJ POS	eng	eng
opencms	PM NOM	eng	eng
apace	AB	eng	eng
operationalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
devolution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conclusive	JJ POS	eng	eng
incidences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
banking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slopes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
immortally	AB	eng	eng
loaves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shortfalls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
taxations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hancocks	PM GEN	eng	eng
weigh	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
misconception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
submerged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
icarus	PM NOM	eng	eng
heterosexuals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mohan	PM NOM	eng	eng
blacksad	PM NOM	eng	eng
moment's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
rums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
samurais	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
customs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counterpart	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
researcher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
curriculum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clarified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subordinate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
greenhill's	PM GEN	eng	eng
reinforcers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychopathologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
henneneutics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yothers	PM NOM	eng	eng
presbyterian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
make-up	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
encephalopathy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
returned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
franklin	PM NOM	eng	eng
property	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trembling	VB ING	eng	eng
enterprises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
festival	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
culturalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emphasize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
carpet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shorthands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
godfreys	PM GEN	eng	eng
urgent	JJ POS	eng	eng
whims	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
foundings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jasey-jay	PM NOM	eng	eng
re-engineering	VB ING	eng	eng
abortion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
depend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
oceans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vending	VB ING	eng	eng
clinchy	PM NOM	eng	eng
generativity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
citizens	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
runoff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vedra	PM NOM	eng	eng
wolcott	PM NOM	eng	eng
patience	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trevanion	PM NOM	eng	eng
gasoline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oysters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
henshall	PM NOM	eng	eng
u-boat	NN	eng	eng
bloater	NN	eng	eng
disease	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embraced	JJ POS	eng	eng
confederation	NN	eng	eng
discs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jeeps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leachs	PM GEN	eng	eng
mckesson	PM NOM	eng	eng
lexbases	PM GEN	eng	eng
seemingly	AB	eng	eng
due's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stockings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-preservation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misread	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
distance-education	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tempt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bricklayer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
plastics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marclay	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissenters	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
meryl	PM NOM	eng	eng
earth's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
blackburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
recreating	VB ING	eng	eng
negotiators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coexist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hooves	NN PLU	eng	eng
self-examination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
violating	VB ING	eng	eng
membership	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
codified	JJ POS	eng	eng
fertilization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tipping	VB ING	eng	eng
wildcats	PM NOM	eng	eng
ives	PM NOM	eng	eng
best-selling	JJ POS	eng	eng
desperately	AB	eng	eng
flaherty	PM NOM	eng	eng
timely	JJ POS	eng	eng
disputant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prosthodontic	JJ POS	eng	eng
stridently	AB	eng	eng
pest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peepgass	PM NOM	eng	eng
solondz	PM NOM	eng	eng
showering	VB	eng	eng
hepatology	NN	eng	eng
brawl	PM NOM	eng	eng
nuttall	PM NOM	eng	eng
northpole	PM NOM	eng	eng
resentful	JJ POS	eng	eng
bagging	VB	eng	eng
gentleman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hatred	JJ POS	eng	eng
mediations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sectors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
realplayer	PM NOM	eng	eng
makeshift	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gallowwalkers	PM NOM	eng	eng
attachements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compromise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kirk's	PM GEN	eng	eng
trickbag	NN	eng	eng
pinned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pacifist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
persuaded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
refugees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
persuasive	JJ POS	eng	eng
geometrical	JJ POS	eng	eng
frenzy	JJ POS	eng	eng
apothecary	NN	eng	eng
accusation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
less-developed	JJ POS	eng	eng
constructively	AB	eng	eng
narrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
immunosorbent	JJ	eng	eng
reincarnations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scales	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
affords	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hedonistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
ante	PP	eng	eng
housewifes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broadcasting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decompensated	NN	eng	eng
eliminating	VB ING	eng	eng
evinces	VB	eng	eng
familially	AB	eng	eng
structrure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cubism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sincerities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
child's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
varied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
analyzes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
madhouse	NN	eng	eng
lynburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
client-centredness	NN	eng	eng
no-go-areas	NN PLU	eng	eng
okely	PM NOM	eng	eng
overseas	AB	eng	eng
classified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
evidently	AB	eng	eng
abate	VB	eng	eng
pretexts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disunity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bomber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
condemnation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mutually	AB	eng	eng
tracers	NN PLU	eng	eng
presides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
accrual	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misbehavior	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appearance	NN	eng	eng
dissensions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tease	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
puritan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lawsuit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
etiquettes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evolutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spectacular	JJ POS	eng	eng
supervised	JJ POS	eng	eng
macrolides	NN PLU	eng	eng
reminds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
world-economy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neuroimages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
turfs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grenfell	PM NOM	eng	eng
anecdotally	AB	eng	eng
sensitizing	VB ING	eng	eng
harmfully	AB	eng	eng
interior	JJ POS	eng	eng
transvestite	NN PLU	eng	eng
beating	VB ING	eng	eng
revise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fruition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hopeless	JJ POS	eng	eng
calvinism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
significance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dimming	VB ING	eng	eng
joiner	PM NOM	eng	eng
unemployments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kindred	PM NOM	eng	eng
contextualized	VB PAP	eng	eng
between	PP	eng	eng
bottlenecks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
toppled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
testament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forecast	NN	eng	eng
declaratory	JJ	eng	eng
antagonisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colquitt	NN	eng	eng
anti-oppressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
concludes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
drank	VB PST	eng	eng
forsyth	PM NOM	eng	eng
partner's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
duplicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
distinguished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
orator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intense	JJ POS	eng	eng
gusfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
janice's	PM GEN	eng	eng
adolescences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hatches	NN	eng	eng
racetaxi	PM NOM	eng	eng
mappings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
huw	PM NOM	eng	eng
stewies	PM GEN	eng	eng
ferney	PM NOM	eng	eng
rulers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slang	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evocations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ewan	PM NOM	eng	eng
flourishing	VB ING	eng	eng
loved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
turbulences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
featuring	VB ING	eng	eng
reed's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dysregulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
penetrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mitchell's	PM GEN	eng	eng
coauthor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clarifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
irritability	PM GEN	eng	eng
establishing	VB ING	eng	eng
allegiance	NN	eng	eng
arjay	PM NOM	eng	eng
oeconomy	PM NOM	eng	eng
summerhayes	PM NOM	eng	eng
gingerbread	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transitional	JJ POS	eng	eng
assessments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deniable	JJ	eng	eng
bulbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
motivational	JJ POS	eng	eng
ramshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
curious	JJ	eng	eng
actors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mailed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
exporters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crossings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
movie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interactants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
politically	AB	eng	eng
pretty	JJ POS	eng	eng
assemblages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unwarranted	JJ POS	eng	eng
exclusivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bottomline	NN	eng	eng
grey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
comorbid	JJ POS	eng	eng
obscurity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
darlings	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
complainer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
notices	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
kitchen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maintains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
constituting	VB ING	eng	eng
superiores	JJ POS	eng	eng
alternation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uterus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fileid	NN	eng	eng
got	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unpredictable	JJ POS	eng	eng
cooke	PM NOM	eng	eng
chard	PM NOM	eng	eng
unimportantly	AB	eng	eng
disobeying	VB	eng	eng
cheeky	JJ	eng	eng
beliefs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
computational	JJ POS	eng	eng
topographically	AB	eng	eng
uncontrolled	JJ POS	eng	eng
paediatricians	NN PLU	eng	eng
calvert	PM NOM	eng	eng
tennis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
downington	PM NOM	eng	eng
urgently	AB	eng	eng
ouch	IN	eng	eng
greenaways	PM NOM	eng	eng
freshman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
study	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lancashire	PM NOM	eng	eng
perplexed	JJ POS	eng	eng
affordance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
triangles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newington	PM NOM	eng	eng
diners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dictator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recovering	VB ING	eng	eng
fevers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bandangels	PM NOM	eng	eng
shattering	VB ING	eng	eng
embarrassingly	AB	eng	eng
regulator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gillespies	PM GEN	eng	eng
devotional	JJ POS	eng	eng
pass	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mccrae	PM NOM	eng	eng
eradicating	VB ING	eng	eng
apologize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
here's	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deregulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
alverson	PM NOM	eng	eng
refinement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manson	PM NOM	eng	eng
andrue	PM NOM	eng	eng
chadwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
leader	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
epilogue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newcoen	PM NOM	eng	eng
whoever	PN	eng	eng
seigneurial	JJ POS	eng	eng
tab	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
debauchery	PM NOM	eng	eng
interrelations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
opportunities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
engaged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cross-dressing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tolerates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
obtain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
catchpool	PM NOM	eng	eng
donate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mackenna	PM NOM	eng	eng
posture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
telling	VB ING	eng	eng
complacencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uncleanly	AB	eng	eng
burroway	PM NOM	eng	eng
coercion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reassesses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
scarlets	PM GEN	eng	eng
accessed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
appears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
incitements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hampton	PM NOM	eng	eng
gallery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
newsmill	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-critical	JJ POS	eng	eng
intuitively	AB	eng	eng
blews	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
exes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-eu	JJ POS	eng	eng
retention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moderate	JJ POS	eng	eng
occurs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
visits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anxious	JJ POS	eng	eng
compassionately	AB	eng	eng
primitivisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gene	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
polities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pragmatisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
foot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raking	VB	eng	eng
budget	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theologically	AB	eng	eng
predispositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boost	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gould	PM NOM	eng	eng
refurbishments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
workbooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bluntly	AB	eng	eng
drinking	VB ING	eng	eng
gleason	PM NOM	eng	eng
impressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
hers	PN	eng	eng
conclaves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
landforms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stiffen	VB	eng	eng
address	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
renunciation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
same-sex-attracted	JJ POS	eng	eng
siting	VB ING	eng	eng
treaded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
palsy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
descriptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
huffing	JJ	eng	eng
average	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brewhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
silencing	VB ING	eng	eng
enthusiasms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
withdraw	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
moleseley	PM NOM	eng	eng
realistically	AB	eng	eng
kill	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
disgraces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dollystyle	NN	eng	eng
frontier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corwins	PM NOM	eng	eng
magnitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
electrocortical	JJ POS	eng	eng
l'wren	PM NOM	eng	eng
prussian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
temptations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sentimental	JJ POS	eng	eng
romanticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
traumatized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
topdown	JJ POS	eng	eng
companies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edema	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
social-communication	NN	eng	eng
instrumentalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
garnsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
bystanders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
battered	JJ POS	eng	eng
postponed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
girlfriend	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heavyweights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
promising	VB ING	eng	eng
wheelchairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flypaper	NN	eng	eng
scrivens	PM NOM	eng	eng
sounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accessibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rheta	PM NOM	eng	eng
outwardly	AB	eng	eng
refer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
outrages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hesitated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
posttreatment	NN	eng	eng
neocortical	JJ POS	eng	eng
costumes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grapevine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
saturations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
everybody's	PN GEN	eng	eng
goalkeeper	NN	eng	eng
seizing	VB ING	eng	eng
beans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chatwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
tendencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rosewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoagwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcnaughton	PM NOM	eng	eng
importation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hawks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retaliate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hyper	JJ POS	eng	eng
subject-matter	JJ POS	eng	eng
himself	PN	eng	eng
phases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
duplication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
widows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maliciously	AB	eng	eng
mansions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
habitat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
handfishin	VB	eng	eng
real-time	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sellers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
role-set	NN	eng	eng
altitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moonshadow	PM NOM	eng	eng
mirroring	VB ING	eng	eng
banbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
stepped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hammersley	PM NOM	eng	eng
gilborns	PM GEN	eng	eng
estrangement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mclaughlin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bunnymen	PM NOM	eng	eng
litanies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
operationalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
orthographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
jealousy	AB	eng	eng
bloodstreams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bricklaying	VB ING	eng	eng
transplanetary	JJ POS	eng	eng
hawthorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
concede	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
truedream	PM NOM	eng	eng
fasteners	NN PLU	eng	eng
defects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cruel	JJ POS	eng	eng
rocksteady	PM NOM	eng	eng
destroies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
betrayal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ryecart	PM NOM	eng	eng
victor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pollards	PM GEN	eng	eng
implementation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stalled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
scorpion	PM NOM	eng	eng
clarence	PM NOM	eng	eng
slaughterers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prioritisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
longterm	JJ	eng	eng
yankees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
simians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
defrag	NN	eng	eng
posttest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highwater	NN	eng	eng
francophones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extroversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tendon	NN	eng	eng
rope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disengagement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buzzbird	NN	eng	eng
equalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
satisfactorily	AB	eng	eng
financiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
directionally	AB	eng	eng
fairfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
sideway	PM NOM	eng	eng
day-care	NN	eng	eng
photographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
freelances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
surrounds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dispersion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
philosophising	VB	eng	eng
modified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
steptoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
know-how	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
latency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
backward	AB	eng	eng
voicing	VB ING	eng	eng
swallowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
broadly	AB	eng	eng
bentonite	NN	eng	eng
racialization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doctorates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
admonishes	VB	eng	eng
locality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sheard	PM NOM	eng	eng
spottiswoode	PM NOM	eng	eng
roses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aerospace	PM NOM	eng	eng
maxwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
macro-micro	JJ POS	eng	eng
doubting	VB ING	eng	eng
inequities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incongruence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
eastside	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
judaism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wheal	PM NOM	eng	eng
interactively	AB	eng	eng
non-state	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winward	PM NOM	eng	eng
focuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
palestinian	JJ POS	eng	eng
rather	AB	eng	eng
fortwo	PM NOM	eng	eng
cleveland	PM NOM	eng	eng
expressly	AB	eng	eng
exhaustively	AB	eng	eng
filth	NN	eng	eng
blueprints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eglantyne	PM NOM	eng	eng
numeracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
basker-ville	PM NOM	eng	eng
gleaves	PM NOM	eng	eng
evaded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
equivalences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
annoyances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blethyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
englishman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
involved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
finery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fraud	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liberally	AB	eng	eng
accountancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mentions	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
transitively	AB	eng	eng
collisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
softening	VB ING	eng	eng
files	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
authenticities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
farther	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
army's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
spirituality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fiftieth	JJ POS	eng	eng
dysphoric	JJ	eng	eng
intact	JJ POS	eng	eng
illegal	JJ POS	eng	eng
shellshear	PM NOM	eng	eng
inhabitants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
troop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weaver	PM NOM	eng	eng
samaire	PM NOM	eng	eng
etymology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
workbased	JJ POS	eng	eng
solaced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
elasticities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gulfs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reconnecting	VB	eng	eng
associations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concomitant	JJ POS	eng	eng
intervene	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
refunding	VB ING	eng	eng
scene	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maternal	JJ POS	eng	eng
redrawn	VB PAP	eng	eng
hal's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inner	JJ POS	eng	eng
superb	JJ POS	eng	eng
everfreshs	PM GEN	eng	eng
banquet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
full-blown	JJ POS	eng	eng
hormonally	AB	eng	eng
nourishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
oval	JJ POS	eng	eng
foresights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shocking	JJ POS	eng	eng
rebound	JJ POS	eng	eng
livingston	PM NOM	eng	eng
influencer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
constitutive	JJ POS	eng	eng
harmoniously	AB	eng	eng
dean	PM NOM	eng	eng
cosmetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
brutely	AB	eng	eng
subsectors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crystallize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
eminence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
staffed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
meta-analytic	JJ POS	eng	eng
plywood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transmissible	JJ POS	eng	eng
clear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
occlusally	AB	eng	eng
untouched	JJ POS	eng	eng
growin	JJ	eng	eng
martian	JJ	eng	eng
gentrification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cupid	NN	eng	eng
newfound	JJ POS	eng	eng
walls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rapprochement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feces	NN	eng	eng
dewee	PM NOM	eng	eng
countertransferences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
job-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
nurturing	VB ING	eng	eng
ctvnews	PM NOM	eng	eng
alternates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
relate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
alright	AB	eng	eng
vistas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spring	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
clarisse	PM NOM	eng	eng
sectional	JJ POS	eng	eng
inductively	AB	eng	eng
inclusive	JJ POS	eng	eng
congresses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
girls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
auditor's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
condensed	JJ POS	eng	eng
breaths	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
high-technologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
traces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
utensil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jellybean	NN	eng	eng
walked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
counsellor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
performed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
climber	PM NOM	eng	eng
tallahassee	PM NOM	eng	eng
leaving	VB ING	eng	eng
blackwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
weatherwax	PM NOM	eng	eng
coat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multi-dimensional	JJ POS	eng	eng
cinemas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fiction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unwieldy	AB	eng	eng
babcock	PM NOM	eng	eng
sawmill	NN	eng	eng
postmerger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fascination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postpartum	JJ POS	eng	eng
reassignments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plaintiff's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
goodrich	PM NOM	eng	eng
seashore	NN	eng	eng
repressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
glucagon	NN	eng	eng
tinkering	VB ING	eng	eng
generalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crystalline	NN	eng	eng
delict	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
worldcom	PM NOM	eng	eng
conseils	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
journals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revoked	VB PST	eng	eng
dwellings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sifts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fashioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
interviewer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
liverpool	PM NOM	eng	eng
bearers	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
motion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entrances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edemas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
numb	JJ	eng	eng
slippages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distractions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
villain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rampage	PM NOM	eng	eng
wardaddy	NN	eng	eng
masters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drunken	JJ POS	eng	eng
carceral	JJ POS	eng	eng
retrieve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spoiled	JJ POS	eng	eng
reclaiming	VB ING	eng	eng
rebuilding	VB ING	eng	eng
fortuitous	JJ POS	eng	eng
alternate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lettering	VB ING	eng	eng
xmas	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lumbers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remotely	AB	eng	eng
yourdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
itch	NN	eng	eng
stuffing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
valuing	VB ING	eng	eng
sorbet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rising	VB ING	eng	eng
fork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sound	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flattr	PM NOM	eng	eng
spilling	VB ING	eng	eng
mcmurray	PM NOM	eng	eng
subsector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deactivation	NN	eng	eng
configurations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
refers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deafly	AB	eng	eng
catalyzed	VB	eng	eng
correlating	VB ING	eng	eng
ignoring	VB ING	eng	eng
stamford	PM NOM	eng	eng
conduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phase	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
widow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
directs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
questionnaire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
calciums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dimensional	JJ POS	eng	eng
admirals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glassware	NN	eng	eng
nuisance	NN	eng	eng
denotes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hairspray	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
captivated	JJ	eng	eng
neutralizing	VB ING	eng	eng
pursuits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prison	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bird	NN	eng	eng
viscerally	AB	eng	eng
suffers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
milieus	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
raybourn	PM NOM	eng	eng
clawbonny	PM NOM	eng	eng
fairbank	PM NOM	eng	eng
prolong	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
localisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pewterschmidt	PM NOM	eng	eng
anciently	AB	eng	eng
selecting	VB ING	eng	eng
surviving	JJ POS	eng	eng
unnecessarily	AB	eng	eng
strings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mckie	PM NOM	eng	eng
taxi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
state-centric	JJ POS	eng	eng
5-year	NN	eng	eng
especially	AB	eng	eng
unaltered	JJ	eng	eng
keepers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
snatched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bushnell	PM NOM	eng	eng
entailing	VB ING	eng	eng
opendocument	PM NOM	eng	eng
norms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cruttenden	PM NOM	eng	eng
captive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
idled	VB	eng	eng
calverley	PM NOM	eng	eng
audiometry	NN	eng	eng
abreast	JJ POS	eng	eng
radway	PM NOM	eng	eng
euroleague	PM NOM	eng	eng
impractically	AB	eng	eng
chronic	JJ POS	eng	eng
visibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bacterial	JJ POS	eng	eng
localisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scrambled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inheritances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
analogy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lifetrap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
requirement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
e-learning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delray	PM NOM	eng	eng
winall	PM NOM	eng	eng
theater	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
morphines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deserts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
annoyance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
asynchronous	JJ POS	eng	eng
kinsmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bryant	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychiatrically	AB	eng	eng
therapeutically	AB	eng	eng
baillys	PM GEN	eng	eng
plowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
orser	PM NOM	eng	eng
phenomenal	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-disciplined	JJ	eng	eng
condyloma	NN	eng	eng
unauthorised	JJ POS	eng	eng
foresight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emptinesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-sectarian	JJ POS	eng	eng
reticence	JJ POS	eng	eng
physicalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doctorow	PM NOM	eng	eng
morphet	PM NOM	eng	eng
mall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thirty-five	RG	eng	eng
bill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
questioned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shadowy	JJ POS	eng	eng
apperceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fatsuit	NN	eng	eng
matrices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appeases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
medications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shakespears	PM GEN	eng	eng
evacuation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
everfresh	PM NOM	eng	eng
goody's	PM GEN	eng	eng
alexythemia	NN	eng	eng
authoritarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
press	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treasure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dreaded	VB PAP	eng	eng
unregulated	JJ POS	eng	eng
inventiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cookers	NN PLU	eng	eng
dichotically	AB	eng	eng
do-gooders	NN PLU	eng	eng
intervenes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
backcasting	NN	eng	eng
historically	AB	eng	eng
pooky	PM NOM	eng	eng
plaits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peptides	NN PLU	eng	eng
24-hours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
westmoreland	PM NOM	eng	eng
reappear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
immersing	VB ING	eng	eng
freelance	NN	eng	eng
vase	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hazelmere	PM NOM	eng	eng
mark's	PM GEN	eng	eng
littlely	AB	eng	eng
rap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
financier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
receptor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stutterer	NN	eng	eng
yellowstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
regrettable	JJ POS	eng	eng
entrants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
porno	NN	eng	eng
sketched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reorganized	VB PAP	eng	eng
expediently	AB	eng	eng
eurojust	PM NOM	eng	eng
wyatts	PM GEN	eng	eng
consuming	VB ING	eng	eng
forcible	JJ POS	eng	eng
mudcats	NN	eng	eng
womens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fallout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arbitrary	AB	eng	eng
withrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
housekeeping	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
troops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weatherford	PM NOM	eng	eng
shovelling	VB ING	eng	eng
kathryn's	PM GEN	eng	eng
frauds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
epistles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
freehold	PM NOM	eng	eng
piccard	PM NOM	eng	eng
doggie	NN	eng	eng
dungey	PM NOM	eng	eng
forbidding	VB ING	eng	eng
blueprint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scenes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trusted	JJ POS	eng	eng
sufferance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dickey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
authobiography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ridiculously	AB	eng	eng
teasers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jerwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
materialities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
initiatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-states	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cortisols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contextualizing	VB	eng	eng
drummond	PM NOM	eng	eng
evaluative	JJ POS	eng	eng
somersault	NN	eng	eng
broderick	PM NOM	eng	eng
odor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
creators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apply	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
assyria	PM NOM	eng	eng
communicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sorrows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
characterization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ideational	JJ POS	eng	eng
jurrasic	JJ POS	eng	eng
accepting	VB ING	eng	eng
solution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcdongal	PM NOM	eng	eng
witches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
worthington	PM NOM	eng	eng
scarrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
mayfairs	PM GEN	eng	eng
restitution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doctorate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proveblue	NN	eng	eng
wears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
folkrace	NN NEU SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
sholmes	PM NOM	eng	eng
3-year	NN	eng	eng
mcmurtry's	PM GEN	eng	eng
clears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sayers	PM NOM	eng	eng
serbian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grapevines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monarchical	JJ POS	eng	eng
southport	PM NOM	eng	eng
visualizing	VB ING	eng	eng
sawgrass	PM NOM	eng	eng
spuriously	AB	eng	eng
agoraphobia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anyway	AB	eng	eng
aimlessness	NN	eng	eng
derives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
undermined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
logically	AB	eng	eng
twemlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
proudly	AB	eng	eng
listen	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mccusker	PM NOM	eng	eng
myopathy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'hanlon	PM NOM	eng	eng
pastures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
persisted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bystander	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
campbell's	PM GEN	eng	eng
categorical	JJ	eng	eng
unixware	PM NOM	eng	eng
beamed	VB	eng	eng
trace	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dichotomies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sponsor's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
virgils	PM GEN	eng	eng
forgoing	VB ING	eng	eng
yewll	PM NOM	eng	eng
inefficiency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vista	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abductive	JJ POS	eng	eng
defoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
placed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
prophecy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
magazines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mahony	PM NOM	eng	eng
thickness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
netherlee's	PM GEN	eng	eng
kelis	PM NOM	eng	eng
orientating	VB	eng	eng
mcgover	PM NOM	eng	eng
reformatted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bethpage	PM NOM	eng	eng
after-the-fact	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misunderstanding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stargate	PM NOM	eng	eng
suggestion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parker's	PM GEN	eng	eng
heel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lag	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
beholds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gapminder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
youngest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
inquirer	NN	eng	eng
photograph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beefs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contribute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kanizay	PM NOM	eng	eng
cups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inviolable	JJ POS	eng	eng
york's	PM GEN	eng	eng
certificates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reassign	VB	eng	eng
claridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
retaliates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chancellor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bangladeshi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macaleese	PM NOM	eng	eng
splendidly	AB	eng	eng
laddered	JJ	eng	eng
geopolitically	AB	eng	eng
rats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anorgasmia	NN	eng	eng
garages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ordinates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
affectively	AB	eng	eng
slowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
norton	PM NOM	eng	eng
retentions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rodney	PM NOM	eng	eng
designed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
catechism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embody	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
userspace	NN	eng	eng
agreeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
interwatch	NN	eng	eng
pickow	PM NOM	eng	eng
providentially	AB	eng	eng
integrated	JJ POS	eng	eng
nexus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
directx	PM NOM	eng	eng
incompetence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
galleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
paddy	PM NOM	eng	eng
burwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
hooligan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beachrider	PM NOM	eng	eng
trim	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
provider	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
armisen	PM NOM	eng	eng
rawls	PM NOM	eng	eng
pinkness	NN	eng	eng
magnifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mewes	PM NOM	eng	eng
huntingtons	PM GEN	eng	eng
individualisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
despairing	JJ	eng	eng
hills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cannots	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
simmers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
magnitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sleeping	VB ING	eng	eng
wilshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
capitalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anticipations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
styled	JJ POS	eng	eng
jayna	PM NOM	eng	eng
bronchoaspiration	NN	eng	eng
presumably	AB	eng	eng
compellence	NN	eng	eng
scale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whisper	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
thurman	PM NOM	eng	eng
ghetto	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sprout	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
subway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neurosises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
benevolently	AB	eng	eng
freeride	PM NOM	eng	eng
determinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parisian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reoccurred	VB PRT	eng	eng
syntronic	PM NOM	eng	eng
clauses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thermally	AB	eng	eng
manipulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
oven	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stockwell's	PM GEN	eng	eng
wouldn't	VB	eng	eng
hegemony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
admiration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wifeinthenorth	PM NOM	eng	eng
bullworker	PM NOM	eng	eng
lash	PM NOM	eng	eng
member-state	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adequate	JJ POS	eng	eng
flash's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relaxations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
synthetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
lifes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
addicting	VB ING	eng	eng
anesthetics	NN	eng	eng
pound	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bragging	VB	eng	eng
willcox	PM NOM	eng	eng
practice	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
masterclass	PM NOM	eng	eng
teases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
disclose	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
appraises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
maladjustment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
declarations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gerbil	NN	eng	eng
barrens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcclure	PM NOM	eng	eng
exciting	VB ING	eng	eng
dumped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
messes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cartland	PM NOM	eng	eng
financing	VB ING	eng	eng
grass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tenable	JJ POS	eng	eng
reductionistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
three-year-olds	NN PLU	eng	eng
mercantile	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
refuge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
narrowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
indigenous	JJ POS	eng	eng
milady	PM NOM	eng	eng
gamma-aminobutyric	JJ	eng	eng
steven	PM NOM	eng	eng
responds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fondants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
holding	PM NOM	eng	eng
omnipresent	JJ POS	eng	eng
encyclopedia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slangs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ruler	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
texture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
midnight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
producer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tobe	PM NOM	eng	eng
mottershead	PM NOM	eng	eng
apologizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sparsely	AB	eng	eng
intersecting	VB ING	eng	eng
regulators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gillespie	PM NOM	eng	eng
clusters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perspectivally	AB	eng	eng
actualizers	NN PLU	eng	eng
dranks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
macdissi	PM NOM	eng	eng
barry'd	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcknight	PM NOM	eng	eng
torchwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
done	VB PAP	eng	eng
temporarily	AB	eng	eng
cut	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deep-rooted	JJ POS	eng	eng
deegan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
good-enough	JJ	eng	eng
wheeler	PM NOM	eng	eng
icebergs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proliferations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgurk	PM NOM	eng	eng
octopussy	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
lightfoot	PM NOM	eng	eng
goodwill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grinned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
arm's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
carriages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plasticities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ascertainment	NN	eng	eng
tart	JJ POS	eng	eng
zseriers	NN	eng	eng
protectionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fascinate	VB	eng	eng
burl	PM NOM	eng	eng
testaments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plights	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chet	PM NOM	eng	eng
superpower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indeed	AB	eng	eng
keyboards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bustin	NN	eng	eng
ejecting	VB	eng	eng
partisan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chariots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
actor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
movies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lock	PM NOM	eng	eng
enthusiastically	AB	eng	eng
leech	PM NOM	eng	eng
chowder	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
coordinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exacerbate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
12-week	NN	eng	eng
mortally	AB	eng	eng
flagrant	JJ POS	eng	eng
macrolide	NN SIN	eng	eng
payers	NN PLU	eng	eng
commonsense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evolution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
etiquette	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
century's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
self-sustaining	JJ POS	eng	eng
translators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mid-life	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sermon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recommencing	VB	eng	eng
defeated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
confectionary	JJ	eng	eng
herding	VB ING	eng	eng
eurocities	PM NOM	eng	eng
reassures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
diner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncooperative	JJ POS	eng	eng
passivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
investigate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
soberly	AB	eng	eng
suburbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wildfire	PM NOM	eng	eng
sculpher	PM NOM	eng	eng
faulkner	PM NOM	eng	eng
tenni	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brompton	PM NOM	eng	eng
overtones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nutritious	JJ POS	eng	eng
crawley	PM NOM	eng	eng
class-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
mastec	PM NOM	eng	eng
evocation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mountfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
retaliation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parentage	NN	eng	eng
swinton	PM NOM	eng	eng
side-effects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fever	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chichester's	PM GEN	eng	eng
libby	PM NOM	eng	eng
duplicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mccammon	PM NOM	eng	eng
unstandardized	JJ	eng	eng
fanciest	JJ	eng	eng
accorded	VB PAP	eng	eng
helpful	JJ POS	eng	eng
summative	JJ POS	eng	eng
consumption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rareness	NN	eng	eng
blackwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
backrest	NN	eng	eng
punished	JJ POS	eng	eng
asic	PM NOM	eng	eng
farms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
headspot	NN	eng	eng
taming	VB ING	eng	eng
workflow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nose-work	PM NOM	eng	eng
parliamentary	JJ POS	eng	eng
healthfully	AB	eng	eng
enlisting	VB ING	eng	eng
closure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fallible	JJ POS	eng	eng
child-bearing	JJ	eng	eng
strokes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
yours	PN	eng	eng
avoided	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
aubreys	PM GEN	eng	eng
makeshifts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
examining	VB ING	eng	eng
doo-wop	NN	eng	eng
woodhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
nethaneel	PM NOM	eng	eng
mediation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sowing	VB ING	eng	eng
gentlemans	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
menstrual	JJ POS	eng	eng
occur	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
visit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carreys	PM GEN	eng	eng
employable	JJ	eng	eng
mckibben	PM NOM	eng	eng
disputants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
committing	VB ING	eng	eng
information	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uteruses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
win	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
knopfler	PM NOM	eng	eng
parsimoniously	AB	eng	eng
north-easts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boosts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
queries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blushes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
striker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
utopian	JJ POS	eng	eng
fulton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
analogue	JJ POS	eng	eng
radicalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weeps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fourteenth	JJ POS	eng	eng
superstars	NN PLU	eng	eng
roberson	PM NOM	eng	eng
departing	VB ING	eng	eng
mcgraw's	PM GEN	eng	eng
market-places	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
differentiates	VB HSI	eng	eng
bidirectionally	AB	eng	eng
planned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
urbanisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acrophobia	NN	eng	eng
hovis	PM NOM	eng	eng
insensitively	AB	eng	eng
imagination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
steeper	JJ	eng	eng
housewife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
upholding	JJ POS	eng	eng
categorising	VB ING	eng	eng
surg	PM NOM	eng	eng
bucklebury	PM NOM	eng	eng
downwards	AB	eng	eng
farrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
scandals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
webhelp	NN	eng	eng
need-definitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whitefield	PM NOM	eng	eng
localism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dandridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
lifetraps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mayan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legitimates	JJ POS	eng	eng
virtualtourist	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcglinchey	PM NOM	eng	eng
unusually	AB	eng	eng
operant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outnumbering	VB ING	eng	eng
earning	VB ING	eng	eng
entrepreneurs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fleshkiller	PM NOM	eng	eng
prentice	PM NOM	eng	eng
circulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backstrom	PM NOM	eng	eng
participating	VB ING	eng	eng
frankie	PM NOM	eng	eng
fainted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
self-evident	JJ POS	eng	eng
adult-directed	JJ	eng	eng
waters	PM NOM	eng	eng
sensed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
burg	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcgarvie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
plumbing	VB	eng	eng
africanist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tacked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
uncertain	JJ	eng	eng
orchid	NN SIN	eng	eng
untouchable	JJ	eng	eng
los	PM NOM	eng	eng
farnborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
detrimental	JJ POS	eng	eng
amusement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
essentially	AB	eng	eng
minimalisation	NN	eng	eng
piecemeal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dominances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcilveen	PM NOM	eng	eng
heaven	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
another	PN	eng	eng
wit	PM NOM	eng	eng
morphine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
youngstown	PM NOM	eng	eng
insuring	VB ING	eng	eng
role-making	NN	eng	eng
deny	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pedestrians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conscientiously	AB	eng	eng
yorker	PM NOM	eng	eng
awarded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
diverge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fashionable	JJ POS	eng	eng
memorized	VB PAP	eng	eng
illiteracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
point	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
phallocentric	JJ	eng	eng
battalions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcauliffe	PM NOM	eng	eng
desktops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mason	PM NOM	eng	eng
specialisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
surrendered	JJ POS	eng	eng
dissections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recently	AB	eng	eng
euractive	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychodynamic	JJ POS	eng	eng
woolfs	PM GEN	eng	eng
straining	VB ING	eng	eng
center-right	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
similarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dulcett	PM NOM	eng	eng
avalance	NN	eng	eng
barclaycard	PM NOM	eng	eng
age-appropriate	JJ	eng	eng
dialogicities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
team-working	JJ	eng	eng
accomplishing	VB ING	eng	eng
wastages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ridden	VB PAP	eng	eng
bowing	VB	eng	eng
tubber	PM NOM	eng	eng
treasures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reticular	JJ POS	eng	eng
retrieves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
eight	RG	eng	eng
vanity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
store's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
welldon	PM NOM	eng	eng
affectionate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
case-studies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
integratively	AB	eng	eng
parities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bitterest	JJ	eng	eng
unimaginable	JJ POS	eng	eng
entrance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fails	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
blackshear	PM NOM	eng	eng
slippage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
security	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcmurrays	PM GEN	eng	eng
oversight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
atwoods	PM NOM	eng	eng
reservoir	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ruins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proviso	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confounding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
substrate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
u-west	PM NOM	eng	eng
sotheby's	PM GEN	eng	eng
minutiae	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
good's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mceachran	PM NOM	eng	eng
grandma	NN	eng	eng
begging	VB ING	eng	eng
stuffings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
muldoon	PM NOM	eng	eng
reign	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
check	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
why	AB	eng	eng
uninsured	JJ	eng	eng
constitutionalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
supercarrier	NN	eng	eng
kingsolver	PM NOM	eng	eng
downsizing	VB	eng	eng
graders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
past	JJ POS	eng	eng
irish's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fairbanks	PM GEN	eng	eng
embraces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hedonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
presty	PM NOM	eng	eng
misstatements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
node	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
browsers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
taps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcilwraith	PM NOM	eng	eng
mckinlay	PM NOM	eng	eng
demarai	PM NOM	eng	eng
slides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
majesty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lovewave	PM NOM	eng	eng
chatting	VB ING	eng	eng
nuisances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amending	VB ING	eng	eng
shrum	PM NOM	eng	eng
fluency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sensor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caveat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wiggle	NN	eng	eng
ileal	JJ	eng	eng
rhodewalt	PM NOM	eng	eng
codifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
process-experiential	JJ	eng	eng
determines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
biophys	NN	eng	eng
coincidentally	AB	eng	eng
swifts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
twofold	JJ POS	eng	eng
energreens	PM GEN	eng	eng
rent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
synonymous	JJ POS	eng	eng
susceptible	JJ POS	eng	eng
underage	NN	eng	eng
statecraft	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hollyweird	PM NOM	eng	eng
jeffers	PM NOM	eng	eng
eugene	PM NOM	eng	eng
incorrectly	AB	eng	eng
thoughtlessly	AB	eng	eng
extraordinary	JJ POS	eng	eng
nanny	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
erasure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
polygraph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seymour	PM NOM	eng	eng
abercrombie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shrewd	JJ POS	eng	eng
mennonite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flowing	JJ POS	eng	eng
socio-culturally	AB	eng	eng
entertainingly	AB	eng	eng
hypothesises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
geere	PM NOM	eng	eng
fantomworks	PM NOM	eng	eng
goddness	NN	eng	eng
instigated	JJ POS	eng	eng
gesturally	AB	eng	eng
abusing	VB ING	eng	eng
octodad	PM NOM	eng	eng
exercise-induced	JJ	eng	eng
illocutionary	AB	eng	eng
interprofessional	JJ POS	eng	eng
brokerages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
awesome	JJ POS	eng	eng
magazine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sparking	VB ING	eng	eng
steel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dianes	PM GEN	eng	eng
delaware's	PM GEN	eng	eng
deparement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
femininely	AB	eng	eng
laboured	VB PRT	eng	eng
help	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
broadhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
invitational	JJ	eng	eng
menus	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flashbulb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nebulously	AB	eng	eng
charted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
as	KN	eng	eng
decors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
implausible	JJ POS	eng	eng
seconds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stargates	PM NOM	eng	eng
cataract	NN	eng	eng
alderdice	PM NOM	eng	eng
mammography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
officer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leisures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vintage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contestations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
furnham	PM NOM	eng	eng
lampoon	NN	eng	eng
crushing	VB ING	eng	eng
dissidents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
capitalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
array	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
comey	PM NOM	eng	eng
charity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hindered	JJ POS	eng	eng
piously	AB	eng	eng
purpose	NN	eng	eng
endangering	VB ING	eng	eng
northman	PM NOM	eng	eng
circuit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reassigns	VB	eng	eng
bradfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
lullaby	NN	eng	eng
levites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
worthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
rushing	PM NOM	eng	eng
childmatter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wrestle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
holum	PM NOM	eng	eng
echosmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
exists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
anthony	PM NOM	eng	eng
amendments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
organiztion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hearing	VB ING	eng	eng
adjunct	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rarest	JJ	eng	eng
holt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
receptors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inseparable	JJ POS	eng	eng
rans	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
readerships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harcourt's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bundles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
treat	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deductive	JJ POS	eng	eng
brabin	PM NOM	eng	eng
reappears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
persona	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
literally	AB	eng	eng
invasive	JJ POS	eng	eng
sights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fancied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lodged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
neuroendocrines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sharing	VB ING	eng	eng
denier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skips	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
devoid	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unfabulous	JJ	eng	eng
ascending	VB ING	eng	eng
crowson	PM NOM	eng	eng
exploring	VB ING	eng	eng
practitioner's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
legalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
re-evaluation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oxboard	NN	eng	eng
fugue	NN	eng	eng
collaborations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
honeybee	PM NOM	eng	eng
pill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intergenerationally	AB	eng	eng
transposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
financially	AB	eng	eng
repression	VB-GER lang:fre	eng	eng
self-organizing	NN	eng	eng
slaves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
injects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
whalsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
tests	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
crowdfunding	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
victims	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coheres	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
procurement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outreach	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
technovation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
errors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
geneticists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cortisol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
albania	PM NOM	eng	eng
proprietors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sources	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
motörheads	PM GEN	eng	eng
pillar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
facilitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
computer-mediated	JJ POS	eng	eng
dashboard	NN	eng	eng
teeny	JJ	eng	eng
standardizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sanely	AB	eng	eng
ushered	JJ POS	eng	eng
amid	PP	eng	eng
disorder-specific	JJ POS	eng	eng
knew	VB PST	eng	eng
shift	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ballot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dyvelan	PM NOM	eng	eng
wedge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roseberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
distributive	JJ POS	eng	eng
census	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
garry	PM NOM	eng	eng
significations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
borle	PM NOM	eng	eng
solutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biochemical	JJ POS	eng	eng
well-known	JJ POS	eng	eng
meats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poverty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orwellian	JJ POS	eng	eng
authorship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oceanic	JJ	eng	eng
recipes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discloses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
appraise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reavie	PM NOM	eng	eng
jobless	JJ POS	eng	eng
boyfriends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
practices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grandview	PM NOM	eng	eng
crowd	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roly	PM NOM	eng	eng
ago	AB	eng	eng
sorriest	JJ	eng	eng
pauses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
balloon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crafted	JJ POS	eng	eng
research	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kathy	PM NOM	eng	eng
analogous	JJ POS	eng	eng
divorced	JJ POS	eng	eng
ghost	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quartey	PM NOM	eng	eng
cartoons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
persuasion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wiseaus	PM GEN	eng	eng
vague	JJ POS	eng	eng
trainwreck	NN	eng	eng
rungs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mixology	NN	eng	eng
prompts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sportedtion	NN	eng	eng
flexibility's	NN GEN	eng	eng
yugoslav	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
idleness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lesser	JJ KOM	eng	eng
southeastern	JJ POS	eng	eng
foreman	PM NOM	eng	eng
singles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boastful	JJ	eng	eng
kickball	PM NOM	eng	eng
subtracting	VB ING	eng	eng
johnny's	PM GEN	eng	eng
thinkable	JJ POS	eng	eng
patton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unease	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
consolations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sunburn	NN	eng	eng
cite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
racks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
may	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
combat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unwell	JJ	eng	eng
producers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
advertisers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
midnights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
planetshakers	PM NOM	eng	eng
hovering	VB ING	eng	eng
streets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pudding	VB ING	eng	eng
garrett	PM NOM	eng	eng
schooldays	NN PLU	eng	eng
maritally	AB	eng	eng
assimilate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
inhale	VB	eng	eng
watch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
case-control	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
capital-intensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
caryl	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcdade	PM NOM	eng	eng
king's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
discours	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
codifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prospective	JJ POS	eng	eng
residue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
permeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
laundering	VB ING	eng	eng
blights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carriage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cheat	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spear	PM NOM	eng	eng
collude	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hawley	PM NOM	eng	eng
unconditional	JJ POS	eng	eng
unhappy	JJ POS	eng	eng
like	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spotted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
imminently	AB	eng	eng
environmentally	AB	eng	eng
trouble	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcgonigal	PM NOM	eng	eng
configures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
honourable	JJ POS	eng	eng
frustrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kildare	PM NOM	eng	eng
healy	PM NOM	eng	eng
adduces	VB	eng	eng
schoolnet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apologetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
demised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
desensitize	VB	eng	eng
surrenders	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
panacea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ordinate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
socioemotional	JJ POS	eng	eng
joy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mckay's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stigmatized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
destroys	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
marvellously	AB	eng	eng
plasma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pitying	VB	eng	eng
chelsea	PM NOM	eng	eng
co-creation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
opening	VB ING	eng	eng
abel	PM NOM	eng	eng
lowland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fordism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macroeconomic	JJ POS	eng	eng
guarantees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
terrorisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
providers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shoeing	VB	eng	eng
insurgent	JJ POS	eng	eng
brookhaven	PM NOM	eng	eng
rayfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
maximizing	VB ING	eng	eng
contemplatively	AB	eng	eng
coopey	PM NOM	eng	eng
sheary	PM NOM	eng	eng
dukelow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
drowns	VB	eng	eng
hindley	PM NOM	eng	eng
ventured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
borrows	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unacceptably	AB	eng	eng
indistinctly	AB	eng	eng
hybridity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bliss	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gardening	VB ING	eng	eng
introduce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
willing	VB ING	eng	eng
clynes	PM NOM	eng	eng
richest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
dentist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goldfields	PM GEN	eng	eng
compression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boarders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dearing	NN	eng	eng
springfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
strategising	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
south-west	AB	eng	eng
oppressively	AB	eng	eng
chesterfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
retires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
socially	AB	eng	eng
worked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tragedy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wimbley	PM NOM	eng	eng
color-coded	JJ	eng	eng
public's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
metric	JJ POS	eng	eng
screened	JJ POS	eng	eng
bruces	PM NOM	eng	eng
nursed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
brighter	JJ KOM	eng	eng
aides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
histocompatibility	NN	eng	eng
professionalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
standen	PM NOM	eng	eng
economist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subjects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
albert's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shapin	PM NOM	eng	eng
mathematics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bigalow	PM NOM	eng	eng
labarge	PM NOM	eng	eng
reach	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
qutie	NN	eng	eng
recreational	JJ POS	eng	eng
mainstream	JJ POS	eng	eng
grizzlies	NN	eng	eng
bigglesworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
hosttype	NN	eng	eng
ingleharts	PM NOM	eng	eng
browses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
workflows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conflation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
southwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
lorries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
operations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knopflers	PM GEN	eng	eng
nation-building	VB ING	eng	eng
therapist-client	NN	eng	eng
dream	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
it	PN	eng	eng
lyme	PM NOM	eng	eng
kisses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
archaeologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chessick	PM NOM	eng	eng
frightening	VB ING	eng	eng
technology-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
bombshell	NN	eng	eng
minimal	JJ POS	eng	eng
secluded	VB PAP	eng	eng
aetiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fade	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sunrise	NN	eng	eng
faces	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
tourism-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
prudently	AB	eng	eng
mid-1980s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eccentric	JJ POS	eng	eng
fondness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
searle	PM NOM	eng	eng
overworked	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
social-cognitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
resurrection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
softbank	PM NOM	eng	eng
regress	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
helplessly	AB	eng	eng
analogues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swamp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macintyre	PM NOM	eng	eng
prepared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
camden	PM NOM	eng	eng
poledance	NN	eng	eng
arise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
region's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
continuum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
remedy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knightsbridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
receives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
distributing	VB ING	eng	eng
madisons	PM GEN	eng	eng
scoop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
seventy	RG NOM	eng	eng
deliver	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
minutely	AB	eng	eng
knit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
invincible	JJ POS	eng	eng
inwear	PM NOM	eng	eng
downward	AB	eng	eng
exclusiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recounting	VB ING	eng	eng
disobedience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
computerised	JJ POS	eng	eng
emmeline	PM NOM	eng	eng
tsars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
checklist-revised	JJ	eng	eng
portfolio	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meaning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dissonances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
serendipity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
urbanism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grades	NN	eng	eng
locating	VB ING	eng	eng
philomenas	PM GEN	eng	eng
transnationally	AB	eng	eng
correlative	JJ POS	eng	eng
overthrown	JJ POS	eng	eng
disinhibited	JJ	eng	eng
compartmentalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nuclears	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shouting	VB ING	eng	eng
buffers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
partisans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tvs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inducements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hospitalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
volatilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pictured	JJ POS	eng	eng
catherwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
channon	PM NOM	eng	eng
nowadays	AB	eng	eng
indeterminacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sadie	PM NOM	eng	eng
keyboard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whiley	PM NOM	eng	eng
sourceforge	PM NOM	eng	eng
grahams	PM NOM	eng	eng
swapped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chandler's	PM GEN	eng	eng
outcasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
joiee	PM NOM	eng	eng
airborne	JJ	eng	eng
idiosyncratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
certainly	AB	eng	eng
janie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
oedipal	JJ POS	eng	eng
congruences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conversely	AB	eng	eng
minerals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inter-culturally	AB	eng	eng
broadview	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fixes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
typicality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-practice	NN	eng	eng
overtone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
behaviourally	AB	eng	eng
gooden's	PM GEN	eng	eng
impression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
firstborn	JJ POS	eng	eng
constructionisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sensual	JJ POS	eng	eng
artificial	JJ POS	eng	eng
wasting	VB ING	eng	eng
thicke	PM NOM	eng	eng
faulkners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sisters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
curt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scarves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
culture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
donatomite	PM NOM	eng	eng
ad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
convicting	VB ING	eng	eng
reassure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wicked	JJ POS	eng	eng
footloose	PM NOM	eng	eng
partiality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
medal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amazing	JJ POS	eng	eng
fatally	AB	eng	eng
schmuck	NN	eng	eng
evidence-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
bound	VB	eng	eng
loveboat	PM NOM	eng	eng
sporting	JJ POS	eng	eng
bypass	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
compliant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surf	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
generalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moorey	PM NOM	eng	eng
commissurotomy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scattered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
receptively	AB	eng	eng
spooner	PM NOM	eng	eng
aggressors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meade	PM NOM	eng	eng
laborer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
ageist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accessible	JJ POS	eng	eng
alluding	VB ING	eng	eng
atrophy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dendritic	JJ POS	eng	eng
extra	JJ POS	eng	eng
symptom-free	JJ	eng	eng
electors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
miss	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
impairments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inc's	PM GEN	eng	eng
crowds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pardoning	VB	eng	eng
magical	JJ POS	eng	eng
pause	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tuitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
barrels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
investigation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corel	PM NOM	eng	eng
smokings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whyman	PM NOM	eng	eng
cbeebies	PM NOM	eng	eng
horseman	PM NOM	eng	eng
essentialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
protected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bluestein	PM NOM	eng	eng
should	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
staunch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deseret's	PM GEN	eng	eng
boatings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ghosts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reconceptualization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
homecomings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suppose	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
redway	PM NOM	eng	eng
slammed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
looked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
scrolled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
humes	PM NOM	eng	eng
wholeschool	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strawpond	PM NOM	eng	eng
interiors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
symptom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shelled	VB PRT	eng	eng
antibiotics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aggressor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hazeldine	PM NOM	eng	eng
right's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
porges	PM NOM	eng	eng
denials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gale's	PM GEN	eng	eng
problematical	JJ POS	eng	eng
abundant	JJ POS	eng	eng
heterogeneities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conclude	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
keynesianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
macbride	PM NOM	eng	eng
sovereignties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interacted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
forecasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exhibiting	VB ING	eng	eng
attunement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcnabb	PM NOM	eng	eng
spears	PM NOM	eng	eng
submerge	VB	eng	eng
centimetre	NN	eng	eng
cheats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
greenfathers	PM NOM	eng	eng
faddishness	NN	eng	eng
injured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
immaturely	AB	eng	eng
coauthors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
immunity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meltdown	NN	eng	eng
mammal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confronted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wellknown	JJ POS	eng	eng
ahead	AB	eng	eng
winterland	PM NOM	eng	eng
complexities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
characteristically	AB	eng	eng
bearz	PM NOM	eng	eng
very-low-caloriediets	NN	eng	eng
personalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
malevolent	JJ POS	eng	eng
doug	PM NOM	eng	eng
newcastle	PM NOM	eng	eng
murville	PM NOM	eng	eng
adipose	VB	eng	eng
self-interestedly	AB	eng	eng
merlin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
testimonials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phantoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enforcing	VB ING	eng	eng
gamecube	PM NOM	eng	eng
parrott	PM NOM	eng	eng
ditch	VB	eng	eng
attracted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
habituation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
globalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
operation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rumination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hero	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eadie	PM NOM	eng	eng
dodgson	PM NOM	eng	eng
invalidly	AB	eng	eng
degradations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
annexation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carthy	PM NOM	eng	eng
scrutinise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
drown	VB	eng	eng
mcghee's	PM GEN	eng	eng
march's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inglehart	PM NOM	eng	eng
protested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
astronomy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phoenix	PM NOM	eng	eng
sex-determining	VB ING	eng	eng
pacifists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inner-city	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equating	VB ING	eng	eng
disturbs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
assent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
conformability	NN	eng	eng
color	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
momentary	JJ POS	eng	eng
wandered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
complimented	VB	eng	eng
glance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
viewers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mindfully	AB	eng	eng
souls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
daytripper	NN	eng	eng
portfolios	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inter	JJ POS	eng	eng
startles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
coupons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
europolitan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dancefloor	NN	eng	eng
chances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
objectifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mnuchins	PM GEN	eng	eng
bruce	PM NOM	eng	eng
deletes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
holidaze	PM NOM	eng	eng
ten	RG	eng	eng
intravenous	JJ POS	eng	eng
rationalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
religious	JJ POS	eng	eng
continuums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recast	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cruzh	PM NOM	eng	eng
snuff-movie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retribution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moreover	AB	eng	eng
analyse	JJ POS	eng	eng
inborn	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-esteem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expectation	NN	eng	eng
care-giving	VB ING	eng	eng
markedly	AB	eng	eng
weight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
southampton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
brookshear	PM NOM	eng	eng
gals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
east	AB	eng	eng
provide	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
except	AB	eng	eng
coercions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ahistorical	JJ POS	eng	eng
nottinghamshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
heads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rationalised	VB PAP	eng	eng
interpretation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insurgents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mindreading	NN	eng	eng
miscarrying	VB ING	eng	eng
macartney	PM NOM	eng	eng
multiracial	JJ POS	eng	eng
terrorism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dafoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
tolerate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
guarantee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strictness	NN	eng	eng
high-performance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hardtech	PM NOM	eng	eng
sick-leave	NN	eng	eng
axially	AB	eng	eng
doubly	AB	eng	eng
acquaintances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
legitimacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intrapersonally	AB	eng	eng
humanistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
reformations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intransigent	JJ POS	eng	eng
singer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intimidate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
latenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sues	PM GEN	eng	eng
tournament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stokely	PM NOM	eng	eng
remittances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perceptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
transplantations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liebow	PM NOM	eng	eng
moderates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
surrender	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
socialised	VB PAP	eng	eng
wookie	NN	eng	eng
frustrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dreams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
configure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jaye	PM NOM	eng	eng
redundant	JJ POS	eng	eng
bicycle	JJ POS	eng	eng
grune	PM NOM	eng	eng
superfoodboost	NN	eng	eng
arises	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
workbook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nearer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
biotechnology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sexology	NN	eng	eng
self-identities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
economists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kramer's	PM GEN	eng	eng
swab	VB	eng	eng
scoops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
squeezed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
consultations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-characterization	NN	eng	eng
nitty	JJ	eng	eng
shotton	PM NOM	eng	eng
thirteenth	JJ POS	eng	eng
carefully	AB	eng	eng
reeder	PM NOM	eng	eng
herbal	JJ	eng	eng
swamps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poignantly	AB	eng	eng
disgrace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decodes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
frontiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-representations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bypasses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
modularly	AB	eng	eng
grade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hyman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dragged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
withdraws	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
goldfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
leveled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
leg	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bullied	JJ POS	eng	eng
parochial	JJ POS	eng	eng
introduces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mold	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conclave	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drastically	AB	eng	eng
warrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
landform	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dilators	NN PLU	eng	eng
best	JJ POS	eng	eng
runaways	PM NOM	eng	eng
traps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
demonstrators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
muddling	VB ING	eng	eng
encoding	VB ING	eng	eng
cutest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
mother-in-law	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enteritis	NN	eng	eng
cloisters	NN PLU	eng	eng
rich	JJ POS	eng	eng
constructionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pistoning	VB	eng	eng
bulletproof	JJ	eng	eng
exporter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fearless	NN	eng	eng
whiteness	PM NOM	eng	eng
hat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crossing	VB ING	eng	eng
alleviated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
quid	NN	eng	eng
ingroups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
towers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
narrower	JJ KOM	eng	eng
leak	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misunderstood	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rep	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ethnocentric	JJ POS	eng	eng
woodruff	PM NOM	eng	eng
construed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
boyfriend	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
applauds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
discrete	JJ POS	eng	eng
bretherick	PM NOM	eng	eng
maintain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
epiphany	PM NOM	eng	eng
radburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
emphasised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
advent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
europeanisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sunk	VB PST	eng	eng
dislodgement	NN	eng	eng
plymoth	PM NOM	eng	eng
elsewhere	AB	eng	eng
quarrels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greasing	VB	eng	eng
triangle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pluralistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
dictators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tighten	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
carmel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
objectivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
publicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pleas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
qualitatively	AB	eng	eng
dropouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cochlear	JJ	eng	eng
prince	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lie	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
restores	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
framinghams	PM GEN	eng	eng
technological	JJ POS	eng	eng
epilogues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chadwicks	PM GEN	eng	eng
produce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reprocessing	VB ING	eng	eng
extras	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
winnow	NN	eng	eng
hatfield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stabbing	VB	eng	eng
greenlick	PM NOM	eng	eng
medals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cooptation	NN	eng	eng
matthew	PM NOM	eng	eng
assassinated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bulemia	NN	eng	eng
stinchfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
offset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
masses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biosciences	NN	eng	eng
colonialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scorpions	PM GEN	eng	eng
available	JJ POS	eng	eng
clinics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
asymmetries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
just	AB	eng	eng
entity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
betrayals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pigtails	PM NOM	eng	eng
return	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
imperial	JJ POS	eng	eng
cuban	PM NOM	eng	eng
witchslayer	PM NOM	eng	eng
lightness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heresfordshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
fastener	NN	eng	eng
costing	VB ING	eng	eng
hawthorns	PM GEN	eng	eng
discoveries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proportionally	AB	eng	eng
rudely	AB	eng	eng
oriental	JJ POS	eng	eng
soundcloud	PM NOM	eng	eng
posthumously	AB	eng	eng
outdoors	AB	eng	eng
teachers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
surround	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
patristic	JJ POS	eng	eng
frights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
batuman	PM NOM	eng	eng
equalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
raped	JJ POS	eng	eng
outteridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
dictionaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appels	NN	eng	eng
mating	VB ING	eng	eng
biting	VB ING	eng	eng
particulars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
water	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eliciting	VB ING	eng	eng
decolonizing	VB	eng	eng
advised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
posttests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amendment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncontextualised	JJ	eng	eng
craftsman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mavrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
volunteering	VB ING	eng	eng
psycological	JJ spell	eng	eng
nuance	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brahmin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
masons	PM GEN	eng	eng
tergesen	PM NOM	eng	eng
underdevelopments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
metaltown	PM NOM	eng	eng
ashleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
insanity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rapporteurs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
legislations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backwards	AB	eng	eng
fibrosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
locomotor	NN	eng	eng
handsomely	AB	eng	eng
griner	PM NOM	eng	eng
addtech	PM NOM	eng	eng
points	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
know-hows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emergent	JJ POS	eng	eng
bowsher	PM NOM	eng	eng
employability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
philanthropy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chaps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wayne's	PM GEN	eng	eng
withstanding	VB ING	eng	eng
motörhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
ratified	JJ POS	eng	eng
depended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
switchfoot	PM NOM	eng	eng
sharron	PM NOM	eng	eng
woolf	PM NOM	eng	eng
damned	JJ POS	eng	eng
mindfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
idly	AB	eng	eng
megalight	NN	eng	eng
harpersanfrancisco	PM NOM	eng	eng
eastsides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
are	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
socio	JJ POS	eng	eng
lid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coldly	AB	eng	eng
flashbulbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
camped	VB	eng	eng
whittemores	PM GEN	eng	eng
enviroments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dower	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcelroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
ohio	PM NOM	eng	eng
subjectivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perthshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
conceptual	JJ POS	eng	eng
fledged	JJ POS	eng	eng
summarizing	VB ING	eng	eng
prussians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
racists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brokerage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cramond	PM NOM	eng	eng
reigns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monstrous	JJ POS	eng	eng
insatiable	JJ POS	eng	eng
soldiering	VB ING	eng	eng
modernizing	VB ING	eng	eng
checks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regretted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
humorous	JJ POS	eng	eng
unprecedentedly	AB	eng	eng
reservation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
criticizing	VB ING	eng	eng
health	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leathers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polygraphs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unidirectional	JJ POS	eng	eng
youthful	JJ POS	eng	eng
inclined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
exploitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cullum	PM NOM	eng	eng
cressey	PM NOM	eng	eng
inquire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
slide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
well-formed	JJ POS	eng	eng
lleyton	PM NOM	eng	eng
fegley	PM NOM	eng	eng
twostep	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warn	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
crashed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wrestlers	NN	eng	eng
clee	PM NOM	eng	eng
enthusiasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rheumatology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toolbox	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychophysiologically	AB	eng	eng
firming	VB ING	eng	eng
unevenly	AB	eng	eng
poureds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
prohibition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
daies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dissident	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ones	RO	eng	eng
gigantic	JJ POS	eng	eng
pragmatists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grouped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
scripts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tatoosh	PM NOM	eng	eng
womanliness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refocuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
raeburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
asthma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stretches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
altitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
civilising	VB	eng	eng
apprehending	VB ING	eng	eng
corrections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
science	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
charmed	VB	eng	eng
adlerian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prayer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
starr	PM NOM	eng	eng
dioxide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sandlife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swift	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
formats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
punk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clutters	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
waylen	PM NOM	eng	eng
chafe	VB	eng	eng
bulwark	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
synoptic	JJ POS	eng	eng
calamities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lawns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expansively	AB	eng	eng
javanese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buoyant	JJ POS	eng	eng
maltreating	NN	eng	eng
profoundly	AB	eng	eng
eminences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blindly	AB	eng	eng
burnett	PM NOM	eng	eng
englishness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
substrates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reservoirs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oversights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cosmetics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neurotransmitter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-written	JJ POS	eng	eng
virgins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psyches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
precociously	AB	eng	eng
parts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pathologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
metabolic	JJ POS	eng	eng
skeptics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
circumspection	NN	eng	eng
restructuring	VB ING	eng	eng
unscheduled	JJ	eng	eng
comparative	JJ POS	eng	eng
steels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
trances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outperforming	VB ING	eng	eng
scored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
diane	PM NOM	eng	eng
suspending	VB ING	eng	eng
evaluation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
target	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harnessing	VB ING	eng	eng
initiations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
journeys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instrumentality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
energreen	PM NOM	eng	eng
resisting	VB ING	eng	eng
compounding	VB	eng	eng
decor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dwyer	PM NOM	eng	eng
dunn's	PM GEN	eng	eng
determine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
nightingale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mistress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
translucent	JJ POS	eng	eng
highhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
conscience	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dwelling	VB ING	eng	eng
exist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
censuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relationality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anesthesia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collapsible	JJ	eng	eng
seating	VB ING	eng	eng
heaphy	PM NOM	eng	eng
repetitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldsby	PM NOM	eng	eng
arrays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
comeys	PM GEN	eng	eng
mctiernan	PM NOM	eng	eng
salesmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expelling	VB ING	eng	eng
wolfcastle	PM NOM	eng	eng
greyfriars	PM NOM	eng	eng
jumpclub	NN	eng	eng
unifying	VB ING	eng	eng
treats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dominance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amusements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncompromising	JJ POS	eng	eng
disapproves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
entering	VB ING	eng	eng
emirates	PM NOM	eng	eng
attentively	AB	eng	eng
criminalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shortcomings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subtotal	VB	eng	eng
downplay	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indeterminate	JJ POS	eng	eng
frustration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collectivist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bribed	VB	eng	eng
exclusionist	NN	eng	eng
vizibly	AB	eng	eng
underestimation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sherman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
continuation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deteriorated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bureaucratization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ideas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compilation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colebrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
theisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcveigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
hydrochlorothiazide	NN	eng	eng
pre-eminent	JJ POS	eng	eng
durie	PM NOM	eng	eng
hitch	PM NOM	eng	eng
foe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gratuitously	AB	eng	eng
anne	PM NOM	eng	eng
cromwell's	PM GEN	eng	eng
perilous	JJ POS	eng	eng
lestrade	PM NOM	eng	eng
unleashed	JJ POS	eng	eng
subtleties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
groundwork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suggestive	JJ POS	eng	eng
hodgson	PM NOM	eng	eng
tearing	VB ING	eng	eng
slave	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unalterable	JJ	eng	eng
enquiry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
torture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mankind	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
labour-market	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
error	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brawne	PM NOM	eng	eng
supersuckers	PM NOM	eng	eng
antagonists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
argyll	PM NOM	eng	eng
institutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bead	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
historicism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stirring	VB ING	eng	eng
rheumatoid	JJ POS	eng	eng
bloomington's	PM GEN	eng	eng
joey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
battalion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evolutionary	JJ POS	eng	eng
wedges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shifts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
polarizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rylie	PM NOM	eng	eng
role-suction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
positioning	VB ING	eng	eng
spectatorship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embroidery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
edgerton	PM NOM	eng	eng
reminding	VB ING	eng	eng
grenby	PM NOM	eng	eng
proposal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abjection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vasocongestive	JJ	eng	eng
anatomy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
educations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wickedest	JJ	eng	eng
madwed	PM NOM	eng	eng
watchfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apple	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pamphlets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buckley	PM NOM	eng	eng
dial	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
marginalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deployable	JJ	eng	eng
fawcett	PM NOM	eng	eng
turning	VB ING	eng	eng
creflo	PM NOM	eng	eng
danneel	PM NOM	eng	eng
scaring	VB ING	eng	eng
janae	PM NOM	eng	eng
gayest	JJ	eng	eng
gruesomely	AB	eng	eng
dust	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disillusionments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intermodally	AB	eng	eng
shoed	VB PRT	eng	eng
non-intervention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hunted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dissipating	VB ING	eng	eng
expectable	JJ POS	eng	eng
philadelphia's	PM GEN	eng	eng
executions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
faithfull	PM NOM	eng	eng
disconnect	VB	eng	eng
personhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obesity-lessons	NN PLU	eng	eng
mot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
soundly	AB	eng	eng
thundercats	PM NOM	eng	eng
vagrancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anorexia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
introverted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
implies	VB PRT HSI	eng	eng
notification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perishable	JJ POS	eng	eng
thought-listing	NN	eng	eng
simplifying	VB ING	eng	eng
alphas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
merry	PM NOM	eng	eng
britain	PM NOM	eng	eng
proof	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
competitively	AB	eng	eng
frays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
font	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conversions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
footage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scrub	NN	eng	eng
nonhuman	JJ POS	eng	eng
investigated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
redirect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rhodes	PM NOM	eng	eng
expended	VB PAP	eng	eng
rosnow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
embed	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
commands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teamthinks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-assessments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
freddy	PM NOM	eng	eng
monitors	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shinkwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
shakespeares	PM GEN	eng	eng
specialities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
advisable	JJ POS	eng	eng
behavior	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greedy	JJ POS	eng	eng
lower-level	JJ POS	eng	eng
zealously	AB	eng	eng
reaganisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
microfilms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
upload	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
llewellyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
armistices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trying	VB ING	eng	eng
apartheids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elephant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cutaneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
harwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
lynx	PM NOM	eng	eng
suranne	PM NOM	eng	eng
wisteria	PM NOM	eng	eng
affectivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spirituals	JJ	eng	eng
mallery	PM NOM	eng	eng
kaylene	PM NOM	eng	eng
conferences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
duprees	PM GEN	eng	eng
showers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tilts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
la	UN	eng	eng
sarah-jane	PM NOM	eng	eng
sedation	NN	eng	eng
workshop	PM NOM	eng	eng
sinking	VB ING	eng	eng
laborious	JJ POS	eng	eng
retard	NN	eng	eng
deleteriously	AB	eng	eng
traitement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exploitatively	AB	eng	eng
informant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
susan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
decision-maker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worker's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
tiptoes	NN	eng	eng
event	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resumed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tribute	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sympathetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
hobbesian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insane	JJ POS	eng	eng
scribed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
goldfine	PM NOM	eng	eng
durations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prosocially	AB	eng	eng
mandate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
normative	JJ POS	eng	eng
macaskill	PM NOM	eng	eng
affording	VB ING	eng	eng
performing	VB ING	eng	eng
premier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subwoofer	NN	eng	eng
tracy	PM NOM	eng	eng
sunni	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chessman	PM NOM	eng	eng
swim	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
broads	PM GEN	eng	eng
cleobury	PM NOM	eng	eng
archivists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
creedance	NN	eng	eng
satire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conceives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
infections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mould	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eye-contact	NN	eng	eng
fashioning	VB ING	eng	eng
rejoiced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
discourages	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcdormands	PM GEN	eng	eng
kayak	NN	eng	eng
o'toole	PM NOM	eng	eng
inspect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ashlegh	PM NOM	eng	eng
proves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quartiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
olmstead	PM NOM	eng	eng
accessory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hermetically	AB	eng	eng
symbols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spearheaded	JJ POS	eng	eng
spiders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deweys	PM GEN	eng	eng
seismics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dissuade	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
passage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deasy	PM NOM	eng	eng
allies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
typographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thoughtfully	AB	eng	eng
unethical	JJ POS	eng	eng
sew	VB	eng	eng
booths	PM GEN	eng	eng
summerburst	NN	eng	eng
postponing	VB ING	eng	eng
change	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
campaigning	VB ING	eng	eng
lacking	VB ING	eng	eng
beneficiaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wallie	PM NOM	eng	eng
formalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
necks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
therein	PP	eng	eng
appearing	VB ING	eng	eng
ligety	PM NOM	eng	eng
co-group	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
listed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
turmoil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
patented	JJ POS	eng	eng
flyers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chasers	NN PLU	eng	eng
hesitating	VB ING	eng	eng
noses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instantaneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
stagnant	JJ POS	eng	eng
garnetts	PM GEN	eng	eng
dysphoria	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smiths	PM GEN	eng	eng
beginning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
falsifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
completers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perceptible	JJ POS	eng	eng
diuretic-based	JJ	eng	eng
aylesworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
traverse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fool	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goatly	PM NOM	eng	eng
stressor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
admittedly	AB	eng	eng
downloaded	VB PAP	eng	eng
relapsing	VB ING	eng	eng
fee-for-service	NN	eng	eng
passim	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sharpness	NN	eng	eng
teal'cs	PM GEN	eng	eng
insertion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
politifact	PM NOM	eng	eng
pact	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
textually	AB	eng	eng
ventilated	JJ	eng	eng
remembrance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peacetimes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sacrament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
atherton	PM NOM	eng	eng
law's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
medieval	JJ POS	eng	eng
reilly	PM NOM	eng	eng
chicester	PM NOM	eng	eng
private-sector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crystal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
philosophizes	VB	eng	eng
handouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gruffudd	PM NOM	eng	eng
macbeath's	PM GEN	eng	eng
reorganize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
offended	VB PAP	eng	eng
burleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
steelheads	PM NOM	eng	eng
cousin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subsistence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revitalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
violations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eyre	PM NOM	eng	eng
conditioneds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dooley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
aggregates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
astrology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
merrill	PM NOM	eng	eng
aphrodites	PM GEN	eng	eng
immotile-cilia	NN	eng	eng
purview	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ravens	PM NOM	eng	eng
instead	AB	eng	eng
regionalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
you'll	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
artist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
autos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
playgrounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
invercote	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-specific	JJ	eng	eng
heritable	JJ POS	eng	eng
proud	JJ POS	eng	eng
brother's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
rapport	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
displeasures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leicestershire	PM NOM	eng	eng
busts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paddle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
goode's	PM GEN	eng	eng
foodtankers	NN	eng	eng
parental	JJ	eng	eng
length	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contributed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcmurry	PM NOM	eng	eng
invidious	JJ POS	eng	eng
glucagon-like	JJ	eng	eng
snapchat	PM NOM	eng	eng
inflations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
on-off	PM NOM	eng	eng
limbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
valuator	NN	eng	eng
coherently	AB	eng	eng
intolerance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interview	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indicative	JJ POS	eng	eng
audioslave	PM NOM	eng	eng
preconceived	JJ POS	eng	eng
booze	NN	eng	eng
edifice	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
assassination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
necktie	NN	eng	eng
toy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newborn	JJ POS	eng	eng
hindus	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sith	PM NOM	eng	eng
macon	PM NOM	eng	eng
oppresses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
railroad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
countenances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gillingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
showpub	PM NOM	eng	eng
publisher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
woollford	PM NOM	eng	eng
fairclough	PM NOM	eng	eng
makeover	NN	eng	eng
disconfirm	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
swallowing	VB ING	eng	eng
glues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
divisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-incriminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swollen	JJ POS	eng	eng
film	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manhunt	PM NOM	eng	eng
homme	PM NOM	eng	eng
incrementalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
twentieth-century	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
singularities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rainpower	NN	eng	eng
payoffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
croydon	PM NOM	eng	eng
jewell	PM NOM	eng	eng
coatings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diaphragma	NN	eng	eng
obsessively	AB	eng	eng
ramification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blairism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
choruses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
presenter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stagnations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
predisposing	VB ING	eng	eng
multiples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unequal	JJ POS	eng	eng
prelude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reacts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
branflakes	NN	eng	eng
britelite	PM NOM	eng	eng
pathography	NN	eng	eng
nugent	PM NOM	eng	eng
presentational	JJ POS	eng	eng
possessors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pretender	NN	eng	eng
confiscations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
synchronizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
barrack	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
laurenson	PM NOM	eng	eng
withheld	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
noel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hinkle	PM NOM	eng	eng
rezervoir	NN	eng	eng
empathized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
manipulated	JJ POS	eng	eng
warica	PM NOM	eng	eng
unbroken	JJ POS	eng	eng
garbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grogans	PM NOM	eng	eng
pathologically	AB	eng	eng
continous	JJ POS	eng	eng
farmlands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disobeyed	VB	eng	eng
snowroller	NN	eng	eng
wildest	AB POS	eng	eng
complicities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lifewide	JJ POS	eng	eng
tutoring	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nurturance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clawson	PM NOM	eng	eng
replies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
brazier	PM NOM	eng	eng
alas	IN	eng	eng
pickford	PM NOM	eng	eng
precipitating	VB ING	eng	eng
ideologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waterford	PM NOM	eng	eng
sangha	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kansas	PM NOM	eng	eng
baldwins	PM GEN	eng	eng
eames	PM NOM	eng	eng
osgood	PM NOM	eng	eng
already	AB	eng	eng
one-to-one	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
where	AB	eng	eng
budgetary	JJ POS	eng	eng
youtuber	NN SIN IND	eng	eng
perplexing	VB ING	eng	eng
sociobiologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cognitive-interpersonal	JJ	eng	eng
mcgaughey	PM NOM	eng	eng
josiah	PM NOM	eng	eng
myself	PN	eng	eng
lively	AB	eng	eng
workplaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
assistant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disability-adjusted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reinterpreted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
transistors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fawn	NN	eng	eng
anthropogenic	JJ POS	eng	eng
efficiencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cardio	NN	eng	eng
re-reading	VB PRC PC	eng	eng
farrell	PM NOM	eng	eng
o'donahue	PM NOM	eng	eng
wareborn	PM NOM	eng	eng
tavern	PM NOM	eng	eng
blackhawk	NN	eng	eng
paganisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deconstructs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcnulty	PM NOM	eng	eng
discontinuities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harold's	PM GEN	eng	eng
torns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recovered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
haigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
insidious	JJ POS	eng	eng
shattered	JJ POS	eng	eng
fishing	VB ING	eng	eng
heatherington	PM NOM	eng	eng
grampa	NN	eng	eng
ethnoscience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unfold	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
extractive	JJ POS	eng	eng
berkley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mentalizers	NN PLU	eng	eng
holliston	PM NOM	eng	eng
symmetric	JJ POS	eng	eng
decayed	JJ	eng	eng
sawed	VB PRT	eng	eng
metaphysics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conformance	NN	eng	eng
queer-theory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tank	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inspire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fading	VB ING	eng	eng
queen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extortions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
changing-criterion	NN	eng	eng
antibodies	NNP LU	eng	eng
dirty	JJ POS	eng	eng
outsiders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prolific	JJ POS	eng	eng
cognitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
prinze	PM NOM	eng	eng
motorized	VB PAP	eng	eng
larch	PM NOM	eng	eng
hotel's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
rashleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
blood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exaggerates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hiteach	PM NOM	eng	eng
yachts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
safeway	PM NOM	eng	eng
falconers	PM GEN	eng	eng
steps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slocum	PM NOM	eng	eng
left-wing	JJ POS	eng	eng
uneasy	JJ POS	eng	eng
deducing	VB ING	eng	eng
isms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
handholding	NN	eng	eng
knowing-doing	JJ	eng	eng
walsall	PM NOM	eng	eng
utilization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
degraw	PM NOM	eng	eng
gui	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sundays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
putman	PM NOM	eng	eng
cool-down	NN	eng	eng
droughts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penalties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dutton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
medially	AB	eng	eng
cathy	PM NOM	eng	eng
whittingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
tatham	PM NOM	eng	eng
shoop	PM NOM	eng	eng
freeskiing	NN	eng	eng
abided	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
outposts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
equalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
character's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
chases	VB HSI	eng	eng
mirrors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intrigues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ethnic	JJ POS	eng	eng
barked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
keypoint	NN	eng	eng
reveal	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
natives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corresponding	VB ING	eng	eng
for	PP	eng	eng
athlete's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outcrops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colchester	PM NOM	eng	eng
introverts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
valley	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lowe's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hyperactivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incessantly	AB	eng	eng
dynasty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immune	JJ POS	eng	eng
free-standing	JJ	eng	eng
occurring	VB ING	eng	eng
shrewsbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
framing	VB ING	eng	eng
arsenal	PM NOM	eng	eng
sequential	JJ POS	eng	eng
present-day	JJ POS	eng	eng
dialectic	JJ POS	eng	eng
jacked	JJ	eng	eng
chromebook	PM NOM	eng	eng
hisrich	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grabbed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
garfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
negativistic	JJ	eng	eng
neurotoxicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impinge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
surmises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
heard	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
friday	NN	eng	eng
turnbull	PM NOM	eng	eng
qualification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multilaterally	AB	eng	eng
provoking	VB ING	eng	eng
saddle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dilemma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
persuading	VB ING	eng	eng
thirsts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
countlessly	AB	eng	eng
toolroom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plotted	JJ POS	eng	eng
ginetta	PM NOM	eng	eng
jawsome	JJ	eng	eng
man-made	JJ POS	eng	eng
armfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
phrase	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gear	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
complementary	JJ POS	eng	eng
precisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
medallion	NN	eng	eng
howes	PM NOM	eng	eng
breathing	VB	eng	eng
coal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phoebe's	PM GEN	eng	eng
munroe	PM NOM	eng	eng
annulment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
continues	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
controversially	AB	eng	eng
ssri-induced	JJ	eng	eng
hooking	VB	eng	eng
routledgefalmer	PM NOM	eng	eng
neo-realists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subjectivism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mallet	NN	eng	eng
pristinely	AB	eng	eng
cruttwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
fax	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tighter	JJ KOM	eng	eng
credentials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paediatrics	NN	eng	eng
gee's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unchangeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
descriptors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newsgroup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exacerbated	JJ POS	eng	eng
pictorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
matter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bitter	JJ POS	eng	eng
mash-up	NN	eng	eng
hearst	PM NOM	eng	eng
sober	JJ POS	eng	eng
boldly	AB	eng	eng
historicities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
herc	PM NOM	eng	eng
lumberjack	NN	eng	eng
sufferings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kinnock	PM NOM	eng	eng
reader's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
brockagh	PM NOM	eng	eng
constructional	JJ POS	eng	eng
hayford	PM NOM	eng	eng
corcoran	PM NOM	eng	eng
susceptibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sophisticatedly	AB	eng	eng
mcadam	PM NOM	eng	eng
bryer	PM NOM	eng	eng
consequential	JJ POS	eng	eng
junta	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commissioners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quasi-experimental	JJ POS	eng	eng
admira	PM NOM	eng	eng
affirmation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
problematises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
attentiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ready-made	JJ POS	eng	eng
memorable	JJ POS	eng	eng
earrings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
travel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
though	KN	eng	eng
fidelity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
explicating	VB ING	eng	eng
sperms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fierceness	NN	eng	eng
monism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
14-week	NN	eng	eng
bloodstain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diffusely	AB	eng	eng
solitary	JJ POS	eng	eng
surgeon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clemenger	PM NOM	eng	eng
thredson	PM NOM	eng	eng
mistaken	VB PAP	eng	eng
softens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
salutes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unforgettable	JJ	eng	eng
foothold	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conant	PM NOM	eng	eng
affluent	JJ POS	eng	eng
caravans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
separate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
carcinoembryonic	JJ	eng	eng
artefacts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subjections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monotheism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fair	JJ POS	eng	eng
burdick	PM NOM	eng	eng
longwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
pessimist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pew	PM NOM	eng	eng
parliamentarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hankmeds	PM GEN	eng	eng
surgery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clutton	PM NOM	eng	eng
doing	VB ING	eng	eng
recreates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
alter	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
melding	VB ING	eng	eng
adder	NN	eng	eng
sociality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
argument	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
currently	AB	eng	eng
activation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flute	PM NOM	eng	eng
clinging	VB ING	eng	eng
appealingly	AB	eng	eng
mocked	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcgrane	PM NOM	eng	eng
intelligible	JJ POS	eng	eng
pastors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
busily	AB	eng	eng
generalisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slopestyle	NN	eng	eng
misbehaviours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
receptionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
craftsmanships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reverse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
killings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ascendency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refunds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fieldwork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
offroad	NN	eng	eng
terminate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
liking	VB ING	eng	eng
bouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ounce	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
precursors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
household	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arouse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
graffiti	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
optimal	JJ POS	eng	eng
picturesquely	AB	eng	eng
aggregation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
citing	VB ING	eng	eng
juror	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mchale	PM NOM	eng	eng
claims	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
requiring	VB ING	eng	eng
racialized	JJ POS	eng	eng
lowdermilk	PM NOM	eng	eng
ginger's	PM GEN	eng	eng
foreword	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deterioration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aerobic	JJ POS	eng	eng
reeman	PM NOM	eng	eng
spacexs	PM GEN	eng	eng
familyenvironment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extraordinarily	AB	eng	eng
charlene	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccutcheon	PM NOM	eng	eng
marginally	AB	eng	eng
pessimists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
permanency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prosecutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
react	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
apocalyptic	JJ POS	eng	eng
carothers	PM NOM	eng	eng
lits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chesterton	PM NOM	eng	eng
pied	JJ	eng	eng
followership	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
framptons	PM GEN	eng	eng
adolescent's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
taxonomies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
genomics	NN	eng	eng
architectural	JJ POS	eng	eng
loughborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
knowit	PM NOM	eng	eng
traditionally	AB	eng	eng
sinisterly	AB	eng	eng
terrorized	JJ	eng	eng
hurdle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undo	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
alternability	NN	eng	eng
horns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
steering	VB ING	eng	eng
knowsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
ripped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mid-1990	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arpaio	PM NOM	eng	eng
post-modern	JJ POS	eng	eng
charging	VB ING	eng	eng
undiscovered	VB	eng	eng
mentorships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tyrant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-direction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
red	JJ POS	eng	eng
cooky	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teachings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fluidities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
degenerations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ennoble	JJ	eng	eng
saliently	AB	eng	eng
proletariats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dragons	PM GEN	eng	eng
worldwide	AB	eng	eng
dilution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abdominal	JJ POS	eng	eng
allocation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
schedules	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcpartlan	PM NOM	eng	eng
dunhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
hundredth	RO	eng	eng
rein	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-actualization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yeates	PM NOM	eng	eng
thornhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
reconstruction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
polaroids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lands	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
attfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
swenurse	PM NOM	eng	eng
portal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peckham	PM NOM	eng	eng
coulby	PM NOM	eng	eng
households	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dressmaker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
precursor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neolithic	JJ POS	eng	eng
commonwealth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compromised	JJ POS	eng	eng
symbolic	JJ POS	eng	eng
stack	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
terminates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
adherents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relieved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fieldworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collegially	AB	eng	eng
hillsborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
criminologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unwise	JJ POS	eng	eng
elections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
noncardiac	NN	eng	eng
courage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
digitized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gifting	NN	eng	eng
striped	JJ POS	eng	eng
relaxes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ecstasies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gracious	JJ POS	eng	eng
hurtwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
bathurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
unhappinesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
o'connor	PM NOM	eng	eng
pre-school	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lawy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
disguise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
queens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
catholics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
effeminate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spoof-ad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crystallized	JJ POS	eng	eng
precision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
creditsafe	PM NOM	eng	eng
stallone	PM NOM	eng	eng
francisco	PM NOM	eng	eng
services	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trigger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kearney	PM NOM	eng	eng
mastering	VB ING	eng	eng
puncheon	PM NOM	eng	eng
punches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gladwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
prerogative	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
causalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phonic	JJ	eng	eng
ceasing	VB ING	eng	eng
rushmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
committed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
coal-getting	VB ING	eng	eng
subsist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hemispherectomy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poorer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
endpoints	NN PLU	eng	eng
langdons	PM NOM	eng	eng
reposed	VB PRT	eng	eng
mccann	PM NOM	eng	eng
letters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relying	VB ING	eng	eng
pulling	VB ING	eng	eng
fallaciously	AB	eng	eng
irrationalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polytechnic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waverley	PM NOM	eng	eng
edgington	PM NOM	eng	eng
roundtree	PM NOM	eng	eng
dialectics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lobbied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
computations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
actions	N	eng	eng
bloods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yacht	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brushing	VB	eng	eng
pharmacologically	AB	eng	eng
cathys	PM GEN	eng	eng
pressroom	NN	eng	eng
directing	VB ING	eng	eng
souvenirs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
variously	AB	eng	eng
participant-as-observer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indigoblue	JJ	eng	eng
engelage	PM NOM	eng	eng
minutest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
echoic	JJ POS	eng	eng
compensations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
martin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
distract	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
interviewed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
suffering	VB ING	eng	eng
rundle	PM NOM	eng	eng
buckets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hurts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fermentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tries	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
foundational	JJ POS	eng	eng
newsgroups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gallwey	PM NOM	eng	eng
enmities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rome's	PM GEN	eng	eng
transference-focused	JJ	eng	eng
maine's	PM GEN	eng	eng
marginality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
experimentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
selects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tribunal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
publicly	AB	eng	eng
specify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
constricted	JJ POS	eng	eng
stringing	VB	eng	eng
suburbicon	PM NOM	eng	eng
darwinian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chase	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
painkiller	NN	eng	eng
cyclic	JJ	eng	eng
expropriations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newmans	PM GEN	eng	eng
engineerings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
formalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
centenary	JJ	eng	eng
annulments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entails	VB HSI	eng	eng
acceptance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
somekindacatch	NN	eng	eng
redwine	NN	eng	eng
expressionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
metacommunication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unobtainable	JJ	eng	eng
grows	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
worthless	JJ POS	eng	eng
funnels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
visibly	AB	eng	eng
leftist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aptitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
axelrod's	PM GEN	eng	eng
severally	AB	eng	eng
built	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
telemarketing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ugliness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nottinghams	PM GEN	eng	eng
regular	JJ POS	eng	eng
underclass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glencore	PM NOM	eng	eng
localization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conflagration	NN	eng	eng
microbiology	NN	eng	eng
motivate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcarther	PM NOM	eng	eng
pampered	JJ	eng	eng
mousses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
durning	PM NOM	eng	eng
chef	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vigorous	JJ POS	eng	eng
repositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extortion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
despaired	VB	eng	eng
tariff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discipleship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outside	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ascent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lovegrove	PM NOM	eng	eng
skin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cruikshank's	PM GEN	eng	eng
feisty	JJ	eng	eng
bandslam	PM NOM	eng	eng
ghosh	PM NOM	eng	eng
subordinating	VB ING	eng	eng
specter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
slighting	VB	eng	eng
tension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
autocracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nymphetamine	PM NOM	eng	eng
fare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-violently	AB	eng	eng
important	JJ POS	eng	eng
utmost	JJ POS	eng	eng
lifelong	JJ POS	eng	eng
pour	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
introvert	JJ POS	eng	eng
gibson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dichotomous	JJ POS	eng	eng
reconfigurations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eagleman	PM NOM	eng	eng
time-sharing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leniently	AB	eng	eng
secularly	AB	eng	eng
nonmaleficence	PM NOM	eng	eng
davian	PM NOM	eng	eng
simplistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
juntas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
twentieth	RO	eng	eng
tickles	VB	eng	eng
heighten	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
appellate	JJ POS	eng	eng
high-five	NN	eng	eng
longitudinally	AB	eng	eng
zombie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcnaught	PM NOM	eng	eng
pine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sticking	VB ING	eng	eng
sheingate	PM NOM	eng	eng
discussions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
industrially	AB	eng	eng
wild	JJ POS	eng	eng
technically	AB	eng	eng
strangest	JJ	eng	eng
tweenies	NN PLU	eng	eng
tryout	NN	eng	eng
shooters	NN	eng	eng
drying	VB ING	eng	eng
ramp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fencing	VB ING	eng	eng
queentastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
novice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lyttleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
weatherfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
sperm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
walkthrough	NN	eng	eng
affiliations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lessened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
alerted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
regionally	AB	eng	eng
possessor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liberate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stupider	JJ	eng	eng
advantageous	JJ POS	eng	eng
fractionation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
louden	PM NOM	eng	eng
ceramics	NN	eng	eng
cannonball	PM NOM	eng	eng
christ	PM NOM	eng	eng
socratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
messy	JJ	eng	eng
declines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sunnyside	NN	eng	eng
wasp	NN	eng	eng
alters	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
atkinson	PM NOM	eng	eng
labour-intensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
realize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
immobilised	JJ	eng	eng
idealised	JJ POS	eng	eng
moan	NN	eng	eng
novlene	PM NOM	eng	eng
cornwall	PM NOM	eng	eng
blackhawks	PM NOM	eng	eng
gall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anachronistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
capitated	JJ	eng	eng
southworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
redy	PM NOM	eng	eng
gwilym	PM NOM	eng	eng
dodgeball	NN	eng	eng
accepts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
double	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
claim	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unfettered	JJ POS	eng	eng
decrees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
assistants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
workplace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crumbling	VB ING	eng	eng
ill-defined	JJ POS	eng	eng
ounces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dreamzone	PM NOM	eng	eng
deviating	VB ING	eng	eng
hewitt's	PM GEN	eng	eng
distances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counteractive	JJ POS	eng	eng
jurors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cognitive-behavioural	JJ	eng	eng
schizophrenias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brownjohn	PM NOM	eng	eng
disjunctive	JJ POS	eng	eng
angela	PM NOM	eng	eng
edinburgh's	PM GEN	eng	eng
socialtheory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heartlessly	AB	eng	eng
flawed	JJ POS	eng	eng
burt	PM NOM	eng	eng
silver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freezes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
amytal	JJ POS	eng	eng
bamboo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sidestep	NN	eng	eng
brandon	PM NOM	eng	eng
altruistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
anderson	PM NOM	eng	eng
latvia	PM NOM	eng	eng
interviews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confessionally	AB	eng	eng
bensonhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
cessation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mondays	NN	eng	eng
sphere	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
post-communists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inflation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parlyament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dillane	PM NOM	eng	eng
precious	JJ POS	eng	eng
tolerantly	AB	eng	eng
cutting-edge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
in-group	JJ POS	eng	eng
banks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
advancements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weatherill	PM NOM	eng	eng
celebrating	VB ING	eng	eng
mclynn	PM NOM	eng	eng
secure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jeffreys	PM NOM	eng	eng
erasing	VB ING	eng	eng
socialite	NN	eng	eng
shovelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
misuse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
didn	VB	eng	eng
germyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
deserve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
roundwood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
petroglyphs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forceful	JJ	eng	eng
truckfighters	NN	eng	eng
presenters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scrubs	PM NOM	eng	eng
suspension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
personals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
highways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
put	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
auction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eaten	VB PAP	eng	eng
self-sufficiency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sociolinguistics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
presumed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
parkhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
reaffirming	VB ING	eng	eng
fannie	PM NOM	eng	eng
build-up	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alpha	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proofs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
depravities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
camomile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recorders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rashes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
creation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glenesk	PM NOM	eng	eng
urbanization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
debating	VB ING	eng	eng
buckingham's	PM GEN	eng	eng
firearms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preload	NN	eng	eng
grasped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dunne's	PM NOM	eng	eng
embeds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
maturationally	AB	eng	eng
rhode	PM NOM	eng	eng
face'em	NN	eng	eng
flemyng	PM NOM	eng	eng
yoder's	PM GEN	eng	eng
publishers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
butches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grinding	VB ING	eng	eng
indonesian	JJ POS	eng	eng
clatterbaugh	PM NOM	eng	eng
wholeheartedly	AB	eng	eng
mcdermid	PM NOM	eng	eng
three-way	NN	eng	eng
collaborator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jonjo	PM NOM	eng	eng
diamonds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
completer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beginnings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
running	VB ING	eng	eng
supercars	NN	eng	eng
cruelly	AB	eng	eng
seduced	VB	eng	eng
incredibly	AB	eng	eng
dysphorias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nutrient	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sandwich	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inherently	AB	eng	eng
relativists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heored	VB	eng	eng
obliterates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
delicately	AB	eng	eng
weeds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dreamhome	NN	eng	eng
wolverhampton	PM NOM	eng	eng
dignifying	VB ING	eng	eng
continuity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fodder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scenting	VB	eng	eng
tangents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
defend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dispels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
avenging	JJ	eng	eng
hopewell	PM NOM	eng	eng
events	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-development	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
formalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
noons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
foxcatcher	PM NOM	eng	eng
hugging	JJ	eng	eng
malones	PM GEN	eng	eng
persisting	VB ING	eng	eng
associational	JJ POS	eng	eng
indexical	JJ POS	eng	eng
projective	JJ POS	eng	eng
omission	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blaming	VB ING	eng	eng
tudor	PM NOM	eng	eng
empires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tautology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rule-breaking	JJ	eng	eng
we'd	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
aphrodite	PM NOM	eng	eng
tangible	JJ POS	eng	eng
sneak	VB	eng	eng
lowells	PM GEN	eng	eng
broad	JJ POS	eng	eng
warhol's	PM GEN	eng	eng
compatriot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aggregate	JJ POS	eng	eng
violation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
born	VB PAP	eng	eng
simmering	VB ING	eng	eng
brookover	PM NOM	eng	eng
moulds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
actionman	NN	eng	eng
statures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beverage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uniqueness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nigeria	PM NOM	eng	eng
probable	JJ POS	eng	eng
rounded	JJ POS	eng	eng
extravagant	JJ POS	eng	eng
tender	JJ POS	eng	eng
chemtrails	NN	eng	eng
sacraments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eileen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
peacetime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dewey	PM NOM	eng	eng
advance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inventor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pertinently	AB	eng	eng
articulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
void	JJ POS	eng	eng
peppers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kayaks	NN PLU	eng	eng
insertions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
realignments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
addicts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
termination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
behaviourists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cheapys	PM GEN	eng	eng
prove	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
polls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toilets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
substitutability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
two-sided	JJ POS	eng	eng
hereafter	AB	eng	eng
islay	PM NOM	eng	eng
twohy	PM NOM	eng	eng
stockholders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enlists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reclaimed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sucked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
adrenals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
informants	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychologic	JJ	eng	eng
impacted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
refrain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
observes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
widened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wakefulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
germany	PM NOM	eng	eng
unalienable	JJ POS	eng	eng
booth	PM NOM	eng	eng
banner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jaggers	PM GEN	eng	eng
institutionalising	VB	eng	eng
halliburton	PM NOM	eng	eng
generics	NN	eng	eng
thunderbolt	PM NOM	eng	eng
evangelical	JJ POS	eng	eng
serfs	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-experience	NN	eng	eng
incubation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forthright	AB	eng	eng
willmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
drambuie	PM NOM	eng	eng
lip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expansionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aventador	PM NOM	eng	eng
impositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
almond	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hattaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
disinterestedly	AB	eng	eng
mischiefs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spiritual	JJ POS	eng	eng
spits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
woolley	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-employed	JJ POS	eng	eng
flyer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
michigan	PM NOM	eng	eng
apartheid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stylizes	VB	eng	eng
armistice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theologian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impatience	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lepore	PM NOM	eng	eng
smith	PM NOM	eng	eng
enchantments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unsustainable	JJ POS	eng	eng
halc-castes	NN PLU	eng	eng
presently	AB	eng	eng
schoolpopulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
positivism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
microfilm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
restated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
right-hand	JJ POS	eng	eng
fetal	JJ POS	eng	eng
pluckrose	PM NOM	eng	eng
asymmetric	JJ POS	eng	eng
scrutinizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
interwar	JJ POS	eng	eng
tycoon	NN	eng	eng
flopsy	JJ	eng	eng
holbrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
obscured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
innerly	AB	eng	eng
free	JJ POS	eng	eng
anthought	JJ POS	eng	eng
tout	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
surveyed	JJ POS	eng	eng
furiously	AB	eng	eng
sharples	PM NOM	eng	eng
flashed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcdormand	PM NOM	eng	eng
efforts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pigeonholes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
append	VB	eng	eng
archivist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goodchild	PM NOM	eng	eng
organisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
embrace'em	PM NOM	eng	eng
reparation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
departs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
thrill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raven	PM NOM	eng	eng
precariously	AB	eng	eng
chorus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
referring	VB ING	eng	eng
peptide-1	NN	eng	eng
santa	PM NOM	eng	eng
sados	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inaccuracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ten-year	JJ POS	eng	eng
steady	JJ POS	eng	eng
reactively	AB	eng	eng
supplied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
upholds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fullnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corps	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
schoolmasters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disliked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
because	KN	eng	eng
fossilized	JJ	eng	eng
hierarchical	JJ POS	eng	eng
reinterprets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
exclusively	AB	eng	eng
pistols	PM NOM	eng	eng
scrambling	VB ING	eng	eng
nice	JJ POS	eng	eng
wooley	PM NOM	eng	eng
brute	JJ POS	eng	eng
bunk'd	PM NOM	eng	eng
plighting	VB ING	eng	eng
occupancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coliti	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
execution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
johnnie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
develops	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
godspells	PM GEN	eng	eng
coffees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kennesaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
repay	VB-GER	eng	eng
mate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pakistani	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teleological	JJ POS	eng	eng
bite	PM NOM	eng	eng
disproportionate	JJ POS	eng	eng
derivations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inconstancy	NN	eng	eng
clearly	AB	eng	eng
oldsmobile	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcmurran	PM NOM	eng	eng
supplementation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
auden	PM NOM	eng	eng
resistantly	AB	eng	eng
hindu	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brutal	JJ POS	eng	eng
sedgwicks	PM GEN	eng	eng
education	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wolfpack	PM NOM	eng	eng
arts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
callan	PM NOM	eng	eng
one-half	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forward	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
whitesnake	PM NOM	eng	eng
deconstructed	JJ POS	eng	eng
reaganism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
departmental	JJ POS	eng	eng
soccersoldier	PM NOM	eng	eng
upperton	PM NOM	eng	eng
high-end	JJ POS	eng	eng
sine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recommending	VB ING	eng	eng
spence	PM NOM	eng	eng
rothwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
redistributing	VB ING	eng	eng
postman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dialect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
complainants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
umbrellas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hiv-infected	JJ	eng	eng
baynton	PM NOM	eng	eng
teamthink	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expedition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undateable	JJ	eng	eng
instabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
releasing	VB ING	eng	eng
yen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hauling	VB ING	eng	eng
exclude	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
contractual	JJ POS	eng	eng
phlegmatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
procession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
juries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
treehouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
hommes	PM GEN	eng	eng
indictments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pitcher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insulted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lockdown	NN	eng	eng
disappearing	VB ING	eng	eng
fetched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
speaker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sour	JJ POS	eng	eng
confuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stanfield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
essity	PM NOM	eng	eng
sir's	PM GEN	eng	eng
candace	PM NOM	eng	eng
herby	PM NOM	eng	eng
oak	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
remarriage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
totalitarian	JJ POS	eng	eng
cast	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inventively	AB	eng	eng
clayhills	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcavoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
uauy	PM NOM	eng	eng
copenhagen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
grady	PM NOM	eng	eng
grocer	NN	eng	eng
unmodified	JJ POS	eng	eng
candidate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fluffy	JJ	eng	eng
caribou	PM NOM	eng	eng
donohew	PM NOM	eng	eng
fostered	JJ POS	eng	eng
fucking	JJ POS	eng	eng
considerably	AB	eng	eng
positivist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
catholic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
barrage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gerwigs	PM GEN	eng	eng
spoof-ads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buffay	PM NOM	eng	eng
disguises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
urologic	JJ	eng	eng
policemens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newfoundland	PM NOM	eng	eng
familiarly	AB	eng	eng
alethiometer	NN	eng	eng
reviewed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rules	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bradshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
lodwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
patchen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
supremely	JJ POS	eng	eng
marines	NN	eng	eng
comitology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
origin	NN	eng	eng
gotham	PM NOM	eng	eng
realm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colourscape	PM NOM	eng	eng
monroe's	PM GEN	eng	eng
arrest	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
le	UO	eng	eng
machiavellian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parametric	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcneil	PM NOM	eng	eng
influenced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
custards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kelly	PM NOM	eng	eng
anniversaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
endpoint	NN	eng	eng
revolutionaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
businessmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distracts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
recital	JJ POS	eng	eng
parachute	NN	eng	eng
intergroup	PM NOM	eng	eng
orangeville	PM NOM	eng	eng
glutamic	JJ	eng	eng
shown	VB PAP	eng	eng
site	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
afferson	PM NOM	eng	eng
exterminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pardy	PM NOM	eng	eng
reenergized	VB	eng	eng
overemphasis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multiethnic	JJ POS	eng	eng
nested	JJ POS	eng	eng
heterosexism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cotswolds	PM NOM	eng	eng
childrens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amenable	JJ POS	eng	eng
souvenir	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anthropomorphically	AB	eng	eng
extraction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agricultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
unchallenged	JJ POS	eng	eng
reinventing	VB ING	eng	eng
luxurious	JJ POS	eng	eng
specialization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yet	AB	eng	eng
claire	PM NOM	eng	eng
recurringly	AB	eng	eng
reaped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ashmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
bethan	PM NOM	eng	eng
strides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
recounted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
brad	PM NOM	eng	eng
greyjoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
tribunals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
labour's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
thermodynamics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
held	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
commodifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jumped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tacts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frampton	PM NOM	eng	eng
cash's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accompany	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ozones	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diplomacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-deception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intramuscularly	AB	eng	eng
unidirectionally	AB	eng	eng
afterlife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redstart	NN	eng	eng
govern	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
charlenes	PM GEN	eng	eng
unrecognised	JJ	eng	eng
lampreys	PM GEN	eng	eng
anemia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anthropocentric	JJ POS	eng	eng
mulkey	PM NOM	eng	eng
scrapes	VB	eng	eng
resounding	VB ING	eng	eng
dissertations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
partake	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
proportionate	JJ POS	eng	eng
closing	VB ING	eng	eng
brasses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outcasting	VB ING	eng	eng
hembree	PM NOM	eng	eng
grunting	VB	eng	eng
higher	JJ KOM	eng	eng
mid-1990s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
constrain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
switch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deteriorate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kneeling	VB ING	eng	eng
trance-like	JJ	eng	eng
straps	VB	eng	eng
cohesiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
familiarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
john's	PM NOM	eng	eng
mitchelton	PM NOM	eng	eng
polaroid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reflexive	JJ POS	eng	eng
angie	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychosomatics	NN	eng	eng
callers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
convicted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
enjoying	VB ING	eng	eng
dilutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
turnarounds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
schedule	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dwarfism	NN	eng	eng
outlooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teaching	VB ING	eng	eng
multi-strategy	NN	eng	eng
spaciously	AB	eng	eng
abrupt	JJ POS	eng	eng
vows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scrutinised	JJ POS	eng	eng
centered	JJ POS	eng	eng
mathematicians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
huntley	PM NOM	eng	eng
managements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
o'connors	PM GEN	eng	eng
marry	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
scattering	VB ING	eng	eng
abstinence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
screwy	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccormack	PM NOM	eng	eng
actuarial	JJ POS	eng	eng
clancy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fellowships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
macmillan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
anglican	JJ POS	eng	eng
greenstar	PM NOM	eng	eng
suspicious	JJ POS	eng	eng
election	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goes	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
dunklee	PM NOM	eng	eng
adherent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amorally	AB	eng	eng
destructive	JJ POS	eng	eng
assimilationists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
headquarter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
montague	PM NOM	eng	eng
clegg	PM NOM	eng	eng
overwhelm	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
westcoast	PM NOM	eng	eng
ashwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
tinct	JJ POS	eng	eng
suxxess	NN	eng	eng
second-hand	JJ POS	eng	eng
meals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
telecoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
postmodernism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
payrolls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dysmorphic	JJ	eng	eng
formers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collaboratively	AB	eng	eng
ischemic	JJ POS	eng	eng
artificiality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
axial	JJ POS	eng	eng
eidetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
diagrams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nurse-led	JJ	eng	eng
unprovoked	JJ	eng	eng
rubbing	VB ING	eng	eng
ascends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ashby	PM NOM	eng	eng
wayness	PM NOM	eng	eng
stoke	PM NOM	eng	eng
liberates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
approximates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
audiotape	VB	eng	eng
ponsonby	PM NOM	eng	eng
lawyer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adolescente	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peachtree	NN	eng	eng
astronautics	NN	eng	eng
holyoke	PM NOM	eng	eng
infinite	JJ POS	eng	eng
shinnimins	PM GEN	eng	eng
subliminal	JJ POS	eng	eng
cornwalls	PM GEN	eng	eng
tramway	NN	eng	eng
realises	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
decencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
circumference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brittain	PM NOM	eng	eng
insightlab	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inroad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incestuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
glinwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
injecting	VB ING	eng	eng
darkwing	PM NOM	eng	eng
modulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unnatural	JJ POS	eng	eng
intimidated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mutuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychoanalytically	AB	eng	eng
distance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compulsory	JJ POS	eng	eng
equties	NN	eng	eng
mutch	PM NOM	eng	eng
scan	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
insensitivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dealers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
skipped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sweats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pecuniary	JJ POS	eng	eng
junebug	PM NOM	eng	eng
bromance	NN	eng	eng
mantras	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tsunamis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cockburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
beatson	PM NOM	eng	eng
forest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aptitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attempts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shagged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shannon	PM NOM	eng	eng
eventual	JJ POS	eng	eng
needscope	NN	eng	eng
enjoyments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inconveniences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
signages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wadsworth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hostile	JJ POS	eng	eng
tongues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
occational	JJ POS	eng	eng
wishfully	AB	eng	eng
pondered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pre-understanding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rendition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncompromisingly	AB	eng	eng
maximized	VB PAP	eng	eng
saw	VB PST	eng	eng
earthy	PM NOM	eng	eng
dialled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
surrogate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mceachrane	PM NOM	eng	eng
needles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
temporomandibular	JJ POS	eng	eng
relativisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
catalog	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nether	PM NOM	eng	eng
motivates	VB HSI	eng	eng
climates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seamus	PM NOM	eng	eng
specialty	NN lang:fre	eng	eng
recollection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mckelvy	PM NOM	eng	eng
awoken	JJ	eng	eng
remunerations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
defused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rovers	PM GEN	eng	eng
deferential	JJ POS	eng	eng
santee	PM NOM	eng	eng
highlights	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
recoverable	JJ	eng	eng
generis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liam	PM NOM	eng	eng
charitable	JJ POS	eng	eng
burningham	PM NOM	eng	eng
dartmouths	PM GEN	eng	eng
saucers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
2me	PM NOM	eng	eng
avoidable	JJ POS	eng	eng
tomatoes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spurgeon	PM NOM	eng	eng
valve	PM NOM	eng	eng
compston	PM NOM	eng	eng
preadolescents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
palgrave	PM NOM	eng	eng
devotees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multifunctional	JJ POS	eng	eng
outright	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
davies	PM NOM	eng	eng
taoism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcbers	PM GEN	eng	eng
dependents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detente	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outback	NN	eng	eng
materialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bunches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liberties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
weariness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ironman	PM NOM	eng	eng
omit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sanks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wags	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
heightens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
learndirect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dunsany	PM NOM	eng	eng
williamsburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
travelpartner	PM NOM	eng	eng
rationalise	VB	eng	eng
audits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
e-businesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nutrients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contemplations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unarmed	JJ POS	eng	eng
marketinglaw	NN	eng	eng
doomsday	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
upgrades	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sauces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supercar	PM NOM	eng	eng
infuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
landcruisers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
institutional	JJ POS	eng	eng
inversely	AB	eng	eng
specification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
migrating	VB ING	eng	eng
calverly	PM NOM	eng	eng
milkshake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcdermids	PM GEN	eng	eng
scheme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sewed	VB PRT	eng	eng
gilbreth	PM NOM	eng	eng
omissions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
healers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unbiased	JJ POS	eng	eng
libertines	NN	eng	eng
briefed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
signing	VB ING	eng	eng
elevations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burguan	PM NOM	eng	eng
sanctioned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
doll	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eurocup	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethnographers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greenstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
industrialisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buckwalter	PM NOM	eng	eng
grapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colleen's	PM GEN	eng	eng
thoroughly	AB	eng	eng
unlikeable	JJ	eng	eng
borrowing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncommonly	AB	eng	eng
donahoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
magic	JJ POS	eng	eng
accommodative	JJ	eng	eng
manifestly	AB	eng	eng
monogamy	NN	eng	eng
dollar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stakeholders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eerie	JJ	eng	eng
oxley	PM NOM	eng	eng
euro	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
government	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wide-ranging	JJ POS	eng	eng
yeardly	PM NOM	eng	eng
scholarly	AB	eng	eng
beverages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gardens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fatherland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
underworlds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vainly	AB	eng	eng
factortame	PM NOM	eng	eng
aluminum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
approached	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
translating	VB ING	eng	eng
non-executive	JJ POS	eng	eng
tangibles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgirt	PM NOM	eng	eng
unconditioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
fanzones	PM NOM	eng	eng
pulp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liquidation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sally	PM NOM	eng	eng
aversions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
offs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remembering	VB ING	eng	eng
earls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impotently	AB	eng	eng
putative	JJ POS	eng	eng
inventors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remainder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bathe	VB	eng	eng
adwords	PM NOM	eng	eng
ontological	JJ POS	eng	eng
swansea	PM NOM	eng	eng
isotopes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spokesman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appointee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unnecessary	JJ POS	eng	eng
cones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crompton	PM NOM	eng	eng
mob	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
algorithmic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
probabilistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
lukewarm	JJ POS	eng	eng
sloane	PM NOM	eng	eng
rider	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
complained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
monkeys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aunts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counterinsurgencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
co-decisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
littlest	JJ	eng	eng
yelling	VB ING	eng	eng
vocabulary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wholesalers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
humanities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sweatshirt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
focussed	JJ POS	eng	eng
browner	PM NOM	eng	eng
volcano	NN	eng	eng
causes	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
archeology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wolverhamp	PM NOM	eng	eng
aytes	PM NOM	eng	eng
buyout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prompting	VB ING	eng	eng
effeminism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retelling	VB ING	eng	eng
deadliest	JJ	eng	eng
build-ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
onset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teddybear	NN	eng	eng
personal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woodford	PM NOM	eng	eng
referencing	VB ING	eng	eng
periods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cheerful	JJ	eng	eng
blurring	VB ING	eng	eng
censor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gillard	PM NOM	eng	eng
purified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fleet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reinstated	JJ POS	eng	eng
vegetable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ethnicities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neuroscience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
types	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swiftly	AB	eng	eng
tedious	JJ POS	eng	eng
creations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
risking	VB ING	eng	eng
playwork	PM NOM	eng	eng
sybbie	PM NOM	eng	eng
intoxication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
floated	JJ POS	eng	eng
firmness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
predominance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blackhat	NN	eng	eng
recorder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buffering	VB ING	eng	eng
kirkbride	PM NOM	eng	eng
viewpoint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highlighted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cleric	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcculloch	PM NOM	eng	eng
cytopathogenic	JJ	eng	eng
moher	PM NOM	eng	eng
godspell	PM NOM	eng	eng
concerts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tewksbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
lakey	PM NOM	eng	eng
tendernesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plausible	JJ POS	eng	eng
drifts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
welldoc	PM NOM	eng	eng
co-incidence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blind	JJ POS	eng	eng
phase-change	NN	eng	eng
roleplaying	NN	eng	eng
fishman	PM NOM	eng	eng
rileys	PM GEN	eng	eng
discharges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paw	NN	eng	eng
curl	VB	eng	eng
fife	PM NOM	eng	eng
buffy	PM NOM	eng	eng
voluntary	JJ POS	eng	eng
beautyshop	NN	eng	eng
dame	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crusades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
imitating	VB ING	eng	eng
sedgwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
imaginable	JJ POS	eng	eng
casinos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rode	PM NOM	eng	eng
lurking	VB ING	eng	eng
but	KN	eng	eng
gwynedd	PM NOM	eng	eng
ionophores	NN	eng	eng
gay	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
classicrockpage	PM NOM	eng	eng
sect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
umbrella	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marrett	PM NOM	eng	eng
objectively	AB	eng	eng
disparities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interregional	JJ POS	eng	eng
derby	PM NOM	eng	eng
churchnxt:s	PM GEN	eng	eng
series	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
farhampton	PM NOM	eng	eng
eyemovement	NN	eng	eng
memorizing	VB ING	eng	eng
biopsychosocial	JJ POS	eng	eng
control	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gillan	PM NOM	eng	eng
rashard	PM NOM	eng	eng
whitey	PM NOM	eng	eng
parenthoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sun	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evilly	AB	eng	eng
caretakers	N PLU	eng	eng
elated	JJ	eng	eng
grills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
councillor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pinkman	PM NOM	eng	eng
balkanized	JJ	eng	eng
interfaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
individualised	VB PAP	eng	eng
synod	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mallory's	PM GEN	eng	eng
littlefield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dead-spaceventilation	NN	eng	eng
swaps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tomorrow's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
vacate	PM NOM	eng	eng
aspiring	VB ING	eng	eng
mythic	JJ POS	eng	eng
malestream	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
timber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
venetian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deprive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cyclops	NN PLU	eng	eng
bombarded	VB PAP	eng	eng
truancy	NN	eng	eng
sympathiser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seductions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
o'learys	PM GEN	eng	eng
ethans	PM GEN	eng	eng
porn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pranker	NN	eng	eng
michigans	PM GEN	eng	eng
stylise	VB	eng	eng
immunization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cantor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
solicitations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lara	PM NOM	eng	eng
rogerian	NN	eng	eng
delegation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
archives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mischief	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dynamic	JJ POS	eng	eng
label	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chair	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hibernians	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
declassified	JJ	eng	eng
whitley	PM NOM	eng	eng
abnegated	JJ	eng	eng
avoidances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maggie	PM NOM	eng	eng
needleman	PM NOM	eng	eng
newcombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
innerlight	PM NOM	eng	eng
contradicts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
campuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hardness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scheie	PM NOM	eng	eng
iconography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mantles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ageof's	PM GEN	eng	eng
co-operates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
jeremain	PM NOM	eng	eng
marxists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
foam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adrenergic	JJ POS	eng	eng
crawls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
eurocash	PM NOM	eng	eng
corbyns	PM GEN	eng	eng
shampoo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marketable	JJ POS	eng	eng
climax	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marray	PM NOM	eng	eng
microstructure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neutrally	AB	eng	eng
coeds	NN	eng	eng
enforcement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
family-friendly	JJ POS	eng	eng
studio	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gloomy	JJ POS	eng	eng
kew	PM NOM	eng	eng
philosophies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
valens	PM NOM	eng	eng
curwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
citizenship	NN	eng	eng
blackbeard	NN	eng	eng
gnomeo	PM NOM	eng	eng
first-person	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hibernian	JJ	eng	eng
spyglass	NN	eng	eng
ordinally	AB	eng	eng
grains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sauce	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dizio	PM NOM	eng	eng
beer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
testimonies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
puzzlingly	AB	eng	eng
socialisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burners	PM GEN	eng	eng
relief	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leakage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fisheries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forerunners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
libertarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
audit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ecodriving	NN	eng	eng
goldcup	PM NOM	eng	eng
drafting	VB ING	eng	eng
qur'anic	JJ POS	eng	eng
glentons	PM GEN	eng	eng
media's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
elephants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
philanthropic	JJ POS	eng	eng
belgrave	PM NOM	eng	eng
shackletons	PM GEN	eng	eng
grape	PM NOM	eng	eng
seduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hatchley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
magics	NN	eng	eng
senseless	JJ POS	eng	eng
consciousnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
workshops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
genetical	JJ POS	eng	eng
locale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
friendship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scathing	VB ING	eng	eng
attack	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conceive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
do-deca-pentathlon	PM NOM	eng	eng
item	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
removes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
routinely	AB	eng	eng
mechanistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
goyle's	PM GEN	eng	eng
resynchronization	NN	eng	eng
bruffy	PM NOM	eng	eng
suspended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
life-worlds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harnessed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
aggrieved	JJ POS	eng	eng
finalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
graphically	AB	eng	eng
knotting	VB	eng	eng
lure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unquestionable	JJ POS	eng	eng
zoos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
duration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
couponing	NN	eng	eng
dahomey	PM NOM	eng	eng
clevedon	PM NOM	eng	eng
rhinoceros	NN	eng	eng
interactivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bathes	VB	eng	eng
dowden	PM NOM	eng	eng
industry	NN	eng	eng
southfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissuades	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
stable	JJ POS	eng	eng
connotative	JJ POS	eng	eng
quartile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overwhelmed	JJ POS	eng	eng
anchor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gold	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bootstrapping	VB	eng	eng
breeches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gainsbourg	PM NOM	eng	eng
9th	JJ POS	eng	eng
stereos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
avoidance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
headman's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
halo-sign	NN	eng	eng
functionalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monsters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sitter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pamphlet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sandford	PM NOM	eng	eng
riders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pardons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sub-saharan	JJ POS	eng	eng
pursued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
magnanimity	NN	eng	eng
turntable	JJ POS	eng	eng
boeings	PM GEN	eng	eng
evey	PM NOM	eng	eng
clothed	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
exempt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
shaved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
proposals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liberalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
classically	AB	eng	eng
self-understanding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
causal	JJ POS	eng	eng
oakman	PM NOM	eng	eng
grandfather	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discharge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
socioemotionally	AB	eng	eng
hypes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
symonds	PM NOM	eng	eng
jetmoon	PM NOM	eng	eng
projection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
a-topia	PM NOM	eng	eng
centring	VB ING	eng	eng
fulcrums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wittkower	PM NOM	eng	eng
representing	VB ING	eng	eng
nighthawks	PM NOM	eng	eng
cognizant	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-concepts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scanners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soft	JJ POS	eng	eng
macgregor's	PM GEN	eng	eng
assume	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cause	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
diagnostic	JJ POS	eng	eng
viewpoints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exacting	VB ING	eng	eng
reify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
interface	NN	eng	eng
fleets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slee	PM NOM	eng	eng
messiahs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
daizy	PM NOM	eng	eng
onsets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
caretaker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equivocal	JJ POS	eng	eng
unleashing	VB ING	eng	eng
behaviors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warnings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
augmentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-conformity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
convergently	AB	eng	eng
reconsidered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
daoism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spaced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pub	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gruwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
stokers	PM GEN	eng	eng
insourcing	NN	eng	eng
raises	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
affinities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
formal	JJ POS	eng	eng
lends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
redirects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
p-value	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
zappone	PM NOM	eng	eng
supermarkets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
middle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ridded	VB PRT	eng	eng
privities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
packham	PM NOM	eng	eng
seizure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indefinite	JJ POS	eng	eng
lakeys	PM GEN	eng	eng
briar	NN	eng	eng
drift	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
snapchats	PM GEN	eng	eng
rewritten	VB PAP	eng	eng
blinds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
riley	PM NOM	eng	eng
medicare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
belly	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smothers	PM NOM	eng	eng
pre-verbal	JJ	eng	eng
birchwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
revive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tyres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
applewhite	PM NOM	eng	eng
conroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
shitkid	PM NOM	eng	eng
hermenutic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
railroads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
common-sense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gloss	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meeker	PM NOM	eng	eng
buffys	PM GEN	eng	eng
egoisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
opportunism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
casey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
spokesmans	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appointees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
northups	PM GEN	eng	eng
atop	JJ POS	eng	eng
funds	NN	eng	eng
makeovers	NN	eng	eng
rady	PM NOM	eng	eng
system's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
campus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eve	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confrontation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
couldry	PM NOM	eng	eng
witchcraft	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
climaxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vegetables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trapped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
grenade	PM NOM	eng	eng
believable	JJ POS	eng	eng
geoffry	PM NOM	eng	eng
autobiographical	JJ POS	eng	eng
grill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brethren	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maddest	JJ	eng	eng
brighouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
duffin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pious	JJ POS	eng	eng
mortar	JJ POS	eng	eng
multiple	JJ POS	eng	eng
exceptional	JJ POS	eng	eng
synods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
condoned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
serial	JJ POS	eng	eng
builded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
estate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blairisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
receptivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
circumscribe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
instance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lucky	JJ POS	eng	eng
teddybears	PM NOM	eng	eng
division	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
childish	JJ POS	eng	eng
faculty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
velocity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winder	PM NOM	eng	eng
marched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
forties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trenwith	PM NOM	eng	eng
derivatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
borrowings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inter-cultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
ethan	PM NOM	eng	eng
mnemonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
artfully	AB	eng	eng
any	AB	eng	eng
onwards	AB	eng	eng
obligated	JJ POS	eng	eng
rise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
georgias	PM GEN	eng	eng
elevation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
majorities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incapacitated	VB PRT	eng	eng
merging	VB ING	eng	eng
conagher	PM NOM	eng	eng
adoptees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
milkshakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jean	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
project's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
pentecost	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stressors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
silicons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
irrespective	PM GEN	eng	eng
relational	JJ POS	eng	eng
labels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
antisemitism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unintended	JJ POS	eng	eng
re-establish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
agro	JJ POS	eng	eng
chairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macgaffey	PM NOM	eng	eng
deers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regretting	VB ING	eng	eng
frederick's	PM GEN	eng	eng
horizon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dhavernas	PM NOM	eng	eng
constrained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
levelled	JJ POS	eng	eng
same-age	NN	eng	eng
acquistions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
roaming	VB ING	eng	eng
crawl	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
coachella	PM NOM	eng	eng
remainders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccleen	PM NOM	eng	eng
subtler	JJ KOM	eng	eng
peasants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
41st	JJ POS	eng	eng
marxism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surgical	JJ POS	eng	eng
antipsychotic	JJ	eng	eng
scorcher	PM NOM	eng	eng
slobin	PM NOM	eng	eng
summits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ottomans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mobiles	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-instruction	NN	eng	eng
civilised	VB PAP	eng	eng
atmosphere	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deliberation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dissociative	JJ POS	eng	eng
unravels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
greenwich	PM NOM	eng	eng
monolingual	JJ POS	eng	eng
minced	JJ POS	eng	eng
cystic	JJ POS	eng	eng
qualify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
junks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gibbon	PM NOM	eng	eng
donovans	PM GEN	eng	eng
valences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
schabas	PM NOM	eng	eng
relinquishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reprise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deatons	PM GEN	eng	eng
characterize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
indispensable	JJ POS	eng	eng
full-scale	JJ POS	eng	eng
outsider	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
inbetweeners	NN PLU	eng	eng
editor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
garett	PM NOM	eng	eng
selfish	JJ POS	eng	eng
mortality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spaceport	PM NOM	eng	eng
diversely	AB	eng	eng
surrogates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
superstore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leftward	AB	eng	eng
upshots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dreamteam	NN NEU SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
manley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
assimilated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
obesity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pastimes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minley	PM NOM	eng	eng
anomie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sturge	PM NOM	eng	eng
renditions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unknowable	JJ POS	eng	eng
bournes	PM GEN	eng	eng
realms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vaguely	AB	eng	eng
enjoyment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
five-year-old	JJ	eng	eng
inflexibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
actresses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
holsclaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
read-along	VB	eng	eng
tame	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
empathies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burbules	PM GEN	eng	eng
three-quarter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
switches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mypad	PM NOM	eng	eng
numerically	AB	eng	eng
miniaturist	PM NOM	eng	eng
quickstop	PM NOM	eng	eng
cancel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
homosexualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intermediaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tunbridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
arches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phobic	JJ POS	eng	eng
princesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
encouraging	VB ING	eng	eng
helmets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neurocognitive	JJ	eng	eng
netnography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
periodic	JJ POS	eng	eng
rumbled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
speakman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kimham	PM NOM	eng	eng
warrants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lesson	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
constructions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sherwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
lisbon	PM NOM	eng	eng
dependent	JJ POS	eng	eng
impatiently	AB	eng	eng
sub	JJ POS	eng	eng
crooked	JJ	eng	eng
legality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sheats	PM NOM	eng	eng
chryselephantine	NN	eng	eng
austere	JJ POS	eng	eng
unfavourable	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcspurren	PM NOM	eng	eng
math	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postlethwaite	PM NOM	eng	eng
dartmouth	PM NOM	eng	eng
dictum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rang	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interconnections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woolgathering	PM NOM	eng	eng
shaughnessy	PM NOM	eng	eng
highlight	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
patently	AB	eng	eng
rampant	JJ POS	eng	eng
intrigue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nich	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
keypoints	NN PLU	eng	eng
abstracted	JJ POS	eng	eng
gigabinary	NN	eng	eng
openness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
laptops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enigmas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heretics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
president's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
audiotapes	VB	eng	eng
ozone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
credibly	AB	eng	eng
parasitic	JJ POS	eng	eng
meeting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
color-code	NN	eng	eng
reliability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hoedown	NN	eng	eng
fraternal	JJ POS	eng	eng
procuring	VB ING	eng	eng
taffe	PM NOM	eng	eng
capitols	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interpreter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
origines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
darrin	NN	eng	eng
imperatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
posting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
directionality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tutorings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
farmland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drab	JJ	eng	eng
cassation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
severeness	NN	eng	eng
unassessed	VB PRT	eng	eng
cannon	PM NOM	eng	eng
user-friendly	JJ POS	eng	eng
modelling	VB ING	eng	eng
discernible	JJ POS	eng	eng
polarisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overwhelms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
construing	VB ING	eng	eng
profession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hornby	PM NOM	eng	eng
elicits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sharksanity	NN	eng	eng
eighteenth	RO	eng	eng
mcmichael	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcfadyen	PM NOM	eng	eng
spanned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
40th	RO NOM	eng	eng
boredoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mystically	AB	eng	eng
divinities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wikiquote	PM NOM	eng	eng
resistance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acceleration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clappers	PM NOM	eng	eng
courtesies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
etiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
cashier	PM NOM	eng	eng
gynecological	JJ	eng	eng
strap	VB	eng	eng
shameful	JJ POS	eng	eng
nervous	JJ POS	eng	eng
rethinks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tattoo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
formalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
limeburners	PM NOM	eng	eng
substandard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unresolved	JJ POS	eng	eng
bottom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swales	PM NOM	eng	eng
motherwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
angies	PM GEN	eng	eng
inflationary	JJ POS	eng	eng
stigmatize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
resented	JJ POS	eng	eng
pickup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cannary	PM NOM	eng	eng
overexploitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dragonstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
plausibly	AB	eng	eng
obsessive-compulsive	JJ POS	eng	eng
ambushed	JJ	eng	eng
self-transcendence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
edited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
paganism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entitles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
prominent	JJ POS	eng	eng
delimit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
acetylcholine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonsteroid	JJ	eng	eng
childress	PM NOM	eng	eng
shinnimin	PM NOM	eng	eng
mobilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disestablishes	VB	eng	eng
uncontroversial	JJ POS	eng	eng
supplements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jackets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coogler's	PM GEN	eng	eng
constrains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
beleaguered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unclearly	AB	eng	eng
ice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
literate	JJ POS	eng	eng
we're	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
granted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
impasse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disapprovals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
correlationally	AB	eng	eng
psyhiatries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tapping	VB ING	eng	eng
treacle	NN	eng	eng
consequently	AB	eng	eng
presentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recreate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
enunciations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
socio-cultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
keyes	PM NOM	eng	eng
porgy	PM NOM	eng	eng
cues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
addnode	PM NOM	eng	eng
chads	PM GEN	eng	eng
kieran	PM NOM	eng	eng
separates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
artefact	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phillips	PM NOM	eng	eng
protecting	VB ING	eng	eng
stokes	PM NOM	eng	eng
howden	PM NOM	eng	eng
incoherently	AB	eng	eng
fusing	VB ING	eng	eng
footholds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
covered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
handles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sharpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
fairytale	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
scrupulous	JJ POS	eng	eng
buying	VB ING	eng	eng
annoyed	JJ POS	eng	eng
continuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
moment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chambers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shotguns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
positivistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
tweening	VB	eng	eng
illiberal	JJ POS	eng	eng
automobile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
piracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exhibited	JJ POS	eng	eng
concurrents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
misleads	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wanes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
speachlezz	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissociating	VB ING	eng	eng
kathe	PM NOM	eng	eng
event-city	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arguments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tomato	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
experimenters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
questioner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
licences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forewords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
devote	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sweat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thoroughgoing	JJ POS	eng	eng
storytelling	VB ING	eng	eng
warbrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
sparkle	PM NOM	eng	eng
ray's	PM GEN	eng	eng
transferring	VB ING	eng	eng
microelectronics	NN	eng	eng
hypothetico-deductive	JJ POS	eng	eng
stiffer	JJ	eng	eng
obedient	JJ POS	eng	eng
randall's	PM GEN	eng	eng
wellspring	PM NOM	eng	eng
colloquially	AB	eng	eng
turnbulls	PM GEN	eng	eng
marleen	PM NOM	eng	eng
special-needs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sealing	VB ING	eng	eng
ferronordic	PM NOM	eng	eng
attracting	VB ING	eng	eng
pentworthy	PM NOM	eng	eng
hodgman	PM NOM	eng	eng
corollary	JJ POS	eng	eng
undertakings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
malaises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
readymade	PM NOM lang:fre	eng	eng
caucasian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cultivations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
envying	VB ING	eng	eng
vocalization	NN	eng	eng
coderdojo	PM NOM	eng	eng
discontinuations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
halting	VB ING	eng	eng
policemen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-ratings	NN	eng	eng
cognitive-affective	JJ POS	eng	eng
bathers	NN	eng	eng
dees	PM GEN	eng	eng
worrisomely	AB	eng	eng
horrifying	VB ING	eng	eng
candidates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
racheal	PM NOM	eng	eng
smelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
brutalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heartney	PM NOM	eng	eng
correspondents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
representationally	AB	eng	eng
couple	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bureaucracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oh	IN	eng	eng
outings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vokes	PM NOM	eng	eng
protesting	VB ING	eng	eng
night's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
self-sufficient	JJ POS	eng	eng
sectorially	AB	eng	eng
rutherfords	PM GEN	eng	eng
valves	PM GEN	eng	eng
rae	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-commercial	JJ POS	eng	eng
duality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
group's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
externalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rover	PM NOM	eng	eng
resists	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dialogically	AB	eng	eng
continue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bonded	VB PAP	eng	eng
profeminism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spungen	PM NOM	eng	eng
august's	PM GEN	eng	eng
emotion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fidelitys	NN	eng	eng
harmonizing	VB ING	eng	eng
resided	VB PAP	eng	eng
fatal	JJ POS	eng	eng
licenses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
willows	PM NOM	eng	eng
davie	PM NOM	eng	eng
adrenaline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcber	PM NOM	eng	eng
emblem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
keough	PM NOM	eng	eng
tumultuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
sweepstake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dreamdancer	PM NOM	eng	eng
discrediting	VB ING	eng	eng
basseys	PM GEN	eng	eng
coulson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
disadvantageously	AB	eng	eng
unionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plaster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ottaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
extravagance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prepping	VB	eng	eng
bruises	PM NOM	eng	eng
oakes	PM NOM	eng	eng
worry	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wonderboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
dryness	NN	eng	eng
penney	PM NOM	eng	eng
imani	PM NOM	eng	eng
competitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stylized	VB PAP	eng	eng
rokeach	PM NOM	eng	eng
surrounded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
manowar	NN	eng	eng
atrocity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweold	PM NOM	eng	eng
janice	PM NOM	eng	eng
jogging	VB ING	eng	eng
conservatism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seventeen	RG	eng	eng
metabolite	NN	eng	eng
scotch	PM NOM	eng	eng
jewson	PM NOM	eng	eng
internationalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
essentialisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
e-mails	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jurisdictions	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sagie	PM NOM	eng	eng
chilcot	PM NOM	eng	eng
consular	JJ POS	eng	eng
normativity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
observed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
brother	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blues	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exploration	NN	eng	eng
kingdoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
achromatopsia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
non-delinquents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
devastating	JJ POS	eng	eng
lecturing	VB ING	eng	eng
instructionally	AB	eng	eng
agency-structure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roseannes	PM GEN	eng	eng
interdependency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lochs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
voyager	NN	eng	eng
mckinsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
cognitive-behavioral	JJ POS	eng	eng
parallelly	AB	eng	eng
inspection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
irrational	JJ POS	eng	eng
phonemes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
painter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bowey	PM NOM	eng	eng
weekends	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contradistinction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
negative	JJ POS	eng	eng
savelend	PM NOM	eng	eng
preempts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lewington	PM NOM	eng	eng
supplies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcquay	PM NOM	eng	eng
trow	PM NOM	eng	eng
astonishedly	AB	eng	eng
verbalized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
restates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
inversions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drudgeries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
autopoietic	JJ POS	eng	eng
eason	PM NOM	eng	eng
webofdesire	PM NOM	eng	eng
saturday	NN	eng	eng
abstractions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
separated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
affective	JJ POS	eng	eng
beastie	PM NOM	eng	eng
infrequent	JJ POS	eng	eng
exotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
interpreted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
obscures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
greenstick	NN	eng	eng
ripeness	NN	eng	eng
start-up	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wadsworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
testing	VB ING	eng	eng
judging	JJ POS	eng	eng
logistics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prioritizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chimeric	JJ POS	eng	eng
months	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
take-ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grammatically	AB	eng	eng
wet	JJ POS	eng	eng
consequentialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repudiation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contribution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
patent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
school-age	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
opinions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
necessarily	AB	eng	eng
absolved	JJ	eng	eng
empathically	AB	eng	eng
strait's	PM GEN	eng	eng
deter	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kidmans	PM GEN	eng	eng
brands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prototypes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adjustments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
taylforth	PM NOM	eng	eng
cystectomy	NN	eng	eng
hungary	PM NOM	eng	eng
thirty-eight	RG NOM	eng	eng
cornerstone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
positives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flows	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
useless	JJ POS	eng	eng
dislikes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
automatons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shepherd's	PM GEN	eng	eng
deeside	PM NOM	eng	eng
rows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
skilful	JJ POS	eng	eng
monotonously	AB	eng	eng
durbin	PM NOM	eng	eng
mountaineer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
might	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gelatin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trudy	PM NOM	eng	eng
roughly	AB	eng	eng
hutchins	PM NOM	eng	eng
overlay	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
isherwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
insights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laymen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
philosophizing	VB	eng	eng
intercepting	VB ING	eng	eng
time-series	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'neil	PM NOM	eng	eng
offend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
carbondale	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissatisfying	VB	eng	eng
conspicuously	AB	eng	eng
hargrave	PM NOM	eng	eng
saville	PM NOM	eng	eng
protagonist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caterpillars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mystic	JJ POS	eng	eng
talked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
alphabets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
presidents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spread	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
censorships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
downander	PM NOM	eng	eng
teamworking	VB ING	eng	eng
blaser	PM NOM	eng	eng
restraining	VB ING	eng	eng
killers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multiphasic	JJ POS	eng	eng
merrill's	PM GEN	eng	eng
wrist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
curses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
aphasics	JJ POS	eng	eng
power-sharing	JJ POS	eng	eng
all-cause	AB	eng	eng
glutamate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aristotelian	JJ POS	eng	eng
pretensions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peery	PM NOM	eng	eng
boards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
winky	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodies	PM GEN	eng	eng
confrontational	JJ POS	eng	eng
ragsdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
anesthetists	NN PLU	eng	eng
abercrombie	PM NOM	eng	eng
redress	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
contains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
collaborates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
generalises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
macmillan	PM NOM	eng	eng
canwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
evinrude	PM NOM	eng	eng
estwing	PM NOM	eng	eng
attuned	JJ POS	eng	eng
stage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcgeady	PM NOM	eng	eng
conjectures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retarded	JJ POS	eng	eng
supergirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
conferred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
egmont	PM NOM	eng	eng
aporia	NN	eng	eng
metalocalypse	PM NOM	eng	eng
ruining	VB	eng	eng
depersonalization	NN	eng	eng
funny	AB	eng	eng
summatively	AB	eng	eng
torodes	PM GEN	eng	eng
squaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
affect-mirroring	JJ	eng	eng
uploaded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
easel	NN	eng	eng
engine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
superficiality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
samples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coates	PM NOM	eng	eng
coraci	PM NOM	eng	eng
disagreement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
failing	VB ING	eng	eng
shadowing	JJ POS	eng	eng
biasing	VB ING	eng	eng
publicize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lothbrok	PM NOM	eng	eng
proceed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
illingworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
heterosexuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
practicalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kathleen	PM NOM	eng	eng
definitional	JJ POS	eng	eng
acorn	NN	eng	eng
cigarettes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
escalation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
classwork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gradations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
threlfall	PM NOM	eng	eng
coming	VB ING	eng	eng
goodeve	PM NOM	eng	eng
geological	JJ POS	eng	eng
shamanism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ferries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mehaffey	PM NOM	eng	eng
cabinets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
caricatures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
muds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
owsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
space-time	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
semiotics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
riddles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcentee	PM NOM	eng	eng
flirtin	VB	eng	eng
mining	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
showdown	NN	eng	eng
burrows	PM NOM	eng	eng
winer	PM NOM	eng	eng
moderating	VB ING	eng	eng
averting	VB ING	eng	eng
gauges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
specialize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
policemans	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
prosaic	JJ POS	eng	eng
divesting	VB ING	eng	eng
reconsidering	VB ING	eng	eng
o'farrell	PM NOM	eng	eng
minus	PP	eng	eng
resonances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cultivated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
presumes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lightest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
africanet	PM NOM	eng	eng
audacious	JJ	eng	eng
sufferable	JJ POS	eng	eng
sleepwalker	NN	eng	eng
hungover	NN	eng	eng
recites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
idealist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
taughts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ethnomethodologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-presentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intersubjectively	AB	eng	eng
reverences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rescored	VB	eng	eng
wigmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
self	PN	eng	eng
juggling	VB ING	eng	eng
leader's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
explaining	VB ING	eng	eng
downplayed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
saumarez	PM NOM	eng	eng
f-word	NN	eng	eng
launcher	PM NOM	eng	eng
quietly	AB	eng	eng
computer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disdaining	VB ING	eng	eng
inputs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
experience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
twenty-two	RG	eng	eng
contraceptive	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
advise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
continental	JJ POS	eng	eng
scientist-practitioner	NN	eng	eng
higher-order	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitbread	PM NOM	eng	eng
tightrope	PM NOM	eng	eng
purge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sterlings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shorter	JJ KOM	eng	eng
earns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gunman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
menstrually	AB	eng	eng
expend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
judgmentally	AB	eng	eng
bloodbath	NN	eng	eng
nuanced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
discovery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inferiority	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enunciated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
schooler	PM NOM	eng	eng
mountainous	JJ POS	eng	eng
group-forming	VB ING	eng	eng
dissidence	NN	eng	eng
cowboy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
casebook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
asymmetry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
combustion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anxiety-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
skull	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shipper's	PM GEN	eng	eng
carmichael	PM NOM	eng	eng
thumbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rebel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smallwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
stanfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
avery	PM NOM	eng	eng
britain's	PM GEN	eng	eng
commission	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
healthful	JJ POS	eng	eng
lincicome	PM NOM	eng	eng
creasing	VB ING	eng	eng
anachronisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slipping	VB ING	eng	eng
candidate's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
cheap	JJ POS	eng	eng
thundercar	PM NOM	eng	eng
predecessors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burlingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
crumbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
formally	AB	eng	eng
expertise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trapdoor	NN	eng	eng
ego-state	NN	eng	eng
notify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
repudiates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
atheist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
omniscient	JJ POS	eng	eng
foregrounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neighborhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
housebeats	NN	eng	eng
belushi	PM NOM	eng	eng
velvet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
institutionalised	JJ POS	eng	eng
publicities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prescriptively	AB	eng	eng
miracles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
touching	VB ING	eng	eng
spenlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
civilizational	JJ POS	eng	eng
backdrops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
logged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fairy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
social-psychological	JJ POS	eng	eng
digestive	JJ POS	eng	eng
irvine	PM NOM	eng	eng
trillions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cease-fires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adequacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
daydreams	NN PLU	eng	eng
pleases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
parlance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
myopias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exaggerations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sold	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
villas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
asiatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
in-house	JJ POS	eng	eng
privacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cosways	PM GEN	eng	eng
confront	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
starves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
psychology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anywhere	AB	eng	eng
gloucester	PM NOM	eng	eng
underside	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appropriations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
equalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
attests	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
employs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
streatfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
registering	VB ING	eng	eng
functionaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
causally	AB	eng	eng
interact	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
extroverted	JJ POS	eng	eng
mardle	PM NOM	eng	eng
adam	PM NOM	eng	eng
newmark	PM NOM	eng	eng
germans	PM NOM	eng	eng
reiterate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
humanly	AB	eng	eng
softly	AB	eng	eng
shuffle	NN	eng	eng
greybird	PM NOM	eng	eng
biosphere	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contacts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
predicaments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alternately	AB	eng	eng
sportage	PM NOM	eng	eng
mckinnon	PM NOM	eng	eng
acquiescing	VB ING	eng	eng
vicissitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nationalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
participate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
handed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
smashbox	NN	eng	eng
requisite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcvie	PM NOM	eng	eng
offering	VB ING	eng	eng
mcquarrie	PM NOM	eng	eng
definitively	AB	eng	eng
whisky	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
negotiating	VB ING	eng	eng
ischaemic	JJ POS	eng	eng
pascoes	PM GEN	eng	eng
self-consciously	AB	eng	eng
unthinkable	JJ POS	eng	eng
abbot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refocusing	VB ING	eng	eng
stretching	VB ING	eng	eng
haraway	PM NOM	eng	eng
humpday	PM NOM	eng	eng
capricious	JJ POS	eng	eng
priories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
civilises	VB HSI	eng	eng
interprets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
geary	PM NOM	eng	eng
stanworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
wirshing	PM NOM	eng	eng
trickle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dried	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
byrne's	PM GEN	eng	eng
featherston	PM NOM	eng	eng
multilayered	JJ POS	eng	eng
inimical	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcgonagalls	PM NOM	eng	eng
stephenson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
triangulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
watership	NN	eng	eng
fifty-year	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bear	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gorillaz	PM NOM	eng	eng
traveled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
problematising	VB ING	eng	eng
individuals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mohawks	PM GEN	eng	eng
means	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
disciple	NN	eng	eng
fled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
thei	PN	eng	eng
declined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cashflow	NN	eng	eng
revenant	NN	eng	eng
sixty	RG NOM	eng	eng
algebra	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evilest	JJ	eng	eng
knock	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
guilts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newscasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insignificances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teenager	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fellow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wyeth	PM NOM	eng	eng
thunder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
benefits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
f-pace	PM NOM	eng	eng
audio-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
mattered	JJ POS	eng	eng
wife's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
same-gender	JJ POS	eng	eng
manipulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shoes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stronghold	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dramaqueen	NN	eng	eng
genitalia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fibres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dynastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
surge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chatterton	PM NOM	eng	eng
discordantly	AB	eng	eng
dirt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foundationalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
opens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
beings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vowles	PM NOM	eng	eng
bawcom	PM NOM	eng	eng
misericordiam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
predations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seaways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
manifestations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brotherhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buechler	PM NOM	eng	eng
archivally	AB	eng	eng
nude	JJ POS	eng	eng
onerous	JJ POS	eng	eng
faction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bioarctic	PM NOM	eng	eng
shervin	PM NOM	eng	eng
bridesmaids	NN PLU	eng	eng
cleaner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dissuaded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
radioed	VB PRT	eng	eng
hungarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
substantial	JJ POS	eng	eng
intra-uterine	JJ	eng	eng
software	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transducer	NN	eng	eng
sell	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
revealed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
relieves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
solicitor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glanced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
abounds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
desperation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theoretical	JJ POS	eng	eng
envelopes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prefects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gayes	PM NOM	eng	eng
collections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
athlete	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preoccupied	JJ POS	eng	eng
snakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bowditch	PM NOM	eng	eng
sherborne	PM NOM	eng	eng
below	PP	eng	eng
papally	AB	eng	eng
clarices	PM GEN	eng	eng
tunnel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jeffress	PM NOM	eng	eng
artscape	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcclane	PM NOM	eng	eng
worldviews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cath	PM NOM	eng	eng
whitlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
artful	JJ POS	eng	eng
tactics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ditches	VB	eng	eng
astronomies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quasi-experimentally	AB	eng	eng
mounted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
liquids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heartburn	NN	eng	eng
warwickshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
accomodations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reoccur	VB	eng	eng
expedient	JJ POS	eng	eng
maoists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nontraditional	JJ POS	eng	eng
cause-and-effect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maintained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
emphasis	NN	eng	eng
passes	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
layered	JJ POS	eng	eng
diametrically	AB	eng	eng
cradle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lennay	PM NOM	eng	eng
woolrich	PM NOM	eng	eng
decidedly	AB	eng	eng
contextualised	VB PRT	eng	eng
self-defence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
serially	AB	eng	eng
o'brien	PM NOM	eng	eng
selwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
freehand	NN	eng	eng
clintonism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
limefried	JJ	eng	eng
microphone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revitalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tertiary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exegesis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
batterseas	PM GEN	eng	eng
decisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collectivism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
serviced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
weaver's	PM GEN	eng	eng
characterological	JJ	eng	eng
autorities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fuller	JJ KOM	eng	eng
deirdre	PM NOM	eng	eng
chow	PM NOM	eng	eng
uncultured	JJ	eng	eng
rednecks	NN	eng	eng
two-parent	JJ POS	eng	eng
welcoming	VB ING	eng	eng
derrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
flexibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
difficult-to-treat	NN	eng	eng
spokesmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
telltale	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcnulty's	PM GEN	eng	eng
whiteeyed	JJ	eng	eng
diversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vainest	JJ	eng	eng
condemned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
credos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lunatics	NN	eng	eng
irrigation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incentives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abiotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
ordinary	JJ POS	eng	eng
maloney	PM NOM	eng	eng
veterans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unfolded	JJ POS	eng	eng
radice	PM NOM	eng	eng
follower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
injure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peeling	PM NOM	eng	eng
selflessly	AB	eng	eng
legein	PM NOM	eng	eng
afar	AB	eng	eng
hatosy	PM NOM	eng	eng
endowment	NN	eng	eng
argue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
locke	PM NOM	eng	eng
outsource	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
infrequency	NN	eng	eng
ankle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chanting	VB ING	eng	eng
subsequently	AB	eng	eng
volitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
encompassing	VB ING	eng	eng
differential	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flatland	PM NOM	eng	eng
hot-sauce	NN	eng	eng
electrically	AB	eng	eng
dramatizing	VB ING	eng	eng
panther	PM NOM	eng	eng
lessen	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reared	JJ POS	eng	eng
rarer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
mornings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
halfs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vessel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alvie	PM NOM	eng	eng
accessibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
battersea	PM NOM	eng	eng
anglophone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crumb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outbursts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
munitions	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
e-health	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
furnishings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
researched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unscientific	JJ POS	eng	eng
pathogenic	JJ POS	eng	eng
needed	VB	eng	eng
standout	NN	eng	eng
s'mores	NN	eng	eng
concessions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bilingualism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buttresses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
treasuring	VB	eng	eng
commits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ball	PM NOM	eng	eng
mill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conceivable	JJ POS	eng	eng
surmised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
malicious	JJ POS	eng	eng
priori	JJ POS	eng	eng
compensates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
koyczan	PM NOM	eng	eng
phlogiston	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flareup	NN	eng	eng
scott	PM NOM	eng	eng
mess	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outsources	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
homework	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
endowments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frederick	PM NOM	eng	eng
villa	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
talmadge	PM NOM	eng	eng
bryant's	PM GEN	eng	eng
curtail	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
considerations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contractarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
claimants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tywin	PM NOM	eng	eng
department's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pointers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bobath	PM NOM	eng	eng
fellowes	NN PLU	eng	eng
recognising	VB ING	eng	eng
incentive	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postoperative	JJ POS	eng	eng
clitoral	JJ	eng	eng
broccoli	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jodie	PM NOM	eng	eng
diversions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
delanty	PM NOM	eng	eng
teas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backyards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sansbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
poes	PM GEN	eng	eng
absentee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ensures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
oaksford	PM NOM	eng	eng
longstanding	JJ POS	eng	eng
pitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
farrington	PM NOM	eng	eng
fryatt	PM NOM	eng	eng
hungarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
initial	JJ POS	eng	eng
finally	AB	eng	eng
liber8	PM NOM	eng	eng
coca's	PM GEN	eng	eng
domes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unquestioningly	AB	eng	eng
snowballs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crossman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
secessionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thus	KN	eng	eng
vain	JJ POS	eng	eng
low-density	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prady	PM NOM	eng	eng
outlet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
race	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
haworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
shading	VB ING	eng	eng
rectify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
donahue	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcdorman	PM NOM	eng	eng
polishing	VB ING	eng	eng
inexpensively	AB	eng	eng
rhytm'n	NN	eng	eng
predation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cowell	PM NOM	eng	eng
polices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
salary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arthritis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'moor	PM NOM	eng	eng
centerpieces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
degenerates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defiance	NN	eng	eng
abbots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
axelrod	PM NOM	eng	eng
deindividuation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heading	VB ING	eng	eng
triumphs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
egalitarianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bigbrother	PM NOM	eng	eng
esrange	PM NOM	eng	eng
mulholland	PM NOM	eng	eng
functioning	VB ING	eng	eng
serbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poststructural	JJ POS	eng	eng
torment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tickets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nurse's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
workmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
erosions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
probed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bumperballs	PM GEN	eng	eng
ref	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refraction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retrieving	VB ING	eng	eng
quoting	VB ING	eng	eng
peattie	PM NOM	eng	eng
immoral	JJ POS	eng	eng
eurofound	PM NOM	eng	eng
blending	VB ING	eng	eng
misunderstands	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
somatization	NN	eng	eng
aetiologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deficiency	PM GEN	eng	eng
worldview	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flags	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
and/or	KN	eng	eng
cherub	PM NOM	eng	eng
damsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
unbridled	JJ POS	eng	eng
cusack	PM NOM	eng	eng
anarchies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soundspaces	NN PLU	eng	eng
unrecognized	JJ POS	eng	eng
nationwide	JJ POS	eng	eng
learned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rewinding	VB ING	eng	eng
sherbornes	PM GEN	eng	eng
hospitable	JJ POS	eng	eng
wariness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
broadsheet	NN	eng	eng
reaches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
notations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mutedly	AB	eng	eng
knocks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reunions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
in-store	JJ POS	eng	eng
solicitors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
noticeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
guilt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compliance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
endowing	VB ING	eng	eng
mustards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fatigue	JJ POS	eng	eng
prosthesis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interpret	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcindoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
mingles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
classification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
southampton	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcquestion	PM NOM	eng	eng
owe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
being	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
break-ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
houle	PM NOM	eng	eng
burlingame	PM NOM	eng	eng
dubin-johnsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
hybridities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fibre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
demise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
surges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgreevy	PM NOM	eng	eng
perishing	VB ING	eng	eng
specific	JJ POS	eng	eng
gasland	PM NOM	eng	eng
numbers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pedagogies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
surpluses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
masscustomised	JJ POS	eng	eng
urge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
whitehaven	PM NOM	eng	eng
appeals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cane	PM NOM	eng	eng
axl	PM NOM	eng	eng
appreciative	JJ POS	eng	eng
summertime	NN	eng	eng
boomers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
requisites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unborn	JJ POS	eng	eng
unqualifiedly	AB	eng	eng
blasterjaxx	PM NOM	eng	eng
handbook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foote	PM NOM	eng	eng
well-to-do	AB	eng	eng
parker	PM NOM	eng	eng
lotteries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
positivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beardfish	PM NOM	eng	eng
minimalised	VB PRT	eng	eng
foundationalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deaver	PM NOM	eng	eng
mickey-mousing	VB	eng	eng
keep	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
iraq	PM NOM	eng	eng
macgregor	PM NOM	eng	eng
politeness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
innocent	JJ POS	eng	eng
gun	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brealey	PM NOM	eng	eng
plush	PM NOM	eng	eng
snake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
powys	PM NOM	eng	eng
symbiotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
josh's	PM GEN	eng	eng
additions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
justifying	VB ING	eng	eng
mundanely	AB	eng	eng
expecting	VB ING	eng	eng
rhapsody	NN	eng	eng
burtney	PM NOM	eng	eng
say	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tiny	JJ POS	eng	eng
sorriness	NN	eng	eng
veggietales	PM NOM	eng	eng
arteries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lakeside	PM NOM	eng	eng
investing	VB ING	eng	eng
deploying	VB ING	eng	eng
data	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liturgical	JJ POS	eng	eng
hallucinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intermediate	JJ POS	eng	eng
intensifying	VB ING	eng	eng
missouri	PM NOM	eng	eng
privy	JJ POS	eng	eng
removal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chauvinism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
watches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mythically	AB	eng	eng
affordable	JJ POS	eng	eng
lee	PM NOM	eng	eng
fishwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
redeems	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
thyme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unrealistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-seduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colorblind	JJ	eng	eng
vouchers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dickey	PM NOM	eng	eng
notifier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elmslie	PM NOM	eng	eng
cynical	JJ POS	eng	eng
genii	PM NOM	eng	eng
operating	VB ING	eng	eng
arriving	VB ING	eng	eng
eagerness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evil	JJ POS	eng	eng
repudiate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deprivations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ego-states	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expertises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
include	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
plenary	JJ POS	eng	eng
inn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncovers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
restructure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
coolidge	PM NOM	eng	eng
credo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outernational	PM NOM	eng	eng
area	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trowels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
conifers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biospheres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knuckles	NN	eng	eng
shifters	NN	eng	eng
cook	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sectionally	AB	eng	eng
fulfilled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reiterates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
inductive	JJ POS	eng	eng
inclusively	AB	eng	eng
phonological	JJ POS	eng	eng
topical	JJ POS	eng	eng
mashburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
concerning	VB ING	eng	eng
carry	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
split-cane	NN	eng	eng
value-creation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shewhart	PM NOM	eng	eng
formalised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ankles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
milland	PM NOM	eng	eng
undersides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maladaptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
apted	PM NOM	eng	eng
rip	VB	eng	eng
conciliations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carolyne	PM NOM	eng	eng
inhaled	VB	eng	eng
timidity	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
constriction	NN	eng	eng
temperamentally	AB	eng	eng
coban	PM NOM	eng	eng
xenophobia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cowen	PM NOM	eng	eng
postulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shuffleton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
recip	NN	eng	eng
firehawks	PM GEN	eng	eng
argues	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
poaching	VB ING	eng	eng
deegan	PM NOM	eng	eng
eating	VB ING	eng	eng
obscenely	AB	eng	eng
articulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
primetime	NN	eng	eng
puzzles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instructors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amoral	JJ POS	eng	eng
controlled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
coworkers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
melville	PM NOM	eng	eng
powerhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
truisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bloomington	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcnay	PM NOM	eng	eng
metalanguage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
middle-range	JJ POS	eng	eng
downstairs	AB	eng	eng
telenursing	NN	eng	eng
shuts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
evanston	PM NOM	eng	eng
johnnie	PM NOM	eng	eng
compiling	VB ING	eng	eng
wraither	PM NOM	eng	eng
fractions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abruptly	AB	eng	eng
grooviest	JJ	eng	eng
reverence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
castiel	PM NOM	eng	eng
skyways	PM NOM	eng	eng
comanche	PM NOM	eng	eng
dutchman	PM NOM	eng	eng
originally	AB	eng	eng
dalpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
alluring	VB ING	eng	eng
spectrums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
respiration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
baadassssss	PM NOM	eng	eng
mindless	JJ POS	eng	eng
bioware	PM NOM	eng	eng
disclosing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thirsty	JJ POS	eng	eng
priming	VB ING	eng	eng
thinking-of-the-others	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
watchers	PM NOM	eng	eng
stearn	PM NOM	eng	eng
reducible	JJ POS	eng	eng
practicing	VB ING	eng	eng
insult	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cheaters	NN PLU	eng	eng
spacer	NN	eng	eng
speaker's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
tears	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blackness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
packaging	VB ING	eng	eng
exceptionalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interfering	VB ING	eng	eng
centralizing	VB ING	eng	eng
desperate	JJ POS	eng	eng
month	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-induced	NN	eng	eng
marmaduke	PM NOM	eng	eng
redistributes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
swimming	VB ING	eng	eng
monuments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
questions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rationalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
scruton	PM NOM	eng	eng
discoverys	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
liberated	JJ POS	eng	eng
vacuum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
improvements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
upbringing	JJ POS	eng	eng
resentfully	AB	eng	eng
drawing-rooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contextualising	VB	eng	eng
aristocrats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soaps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breakwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
film-watching	JJ POS	eng	eng
saltaire	PM NOM	eng	eng
agenda	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indoors	AB	eng	eng
woollett	PM NOM	eng	eng
alia	AB	eng	eng
publicizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
prodigious	JJ POS	eng	eng
fantasized	VB	eng	eng
wineland	PM NOM	eng	eng
guatemalan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deportations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hypotheses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
geneva	PM NOM	eng	eng
theory-driven	JJ	eng	eng
reggaeton	PM NOM	eng	eng
enormity	NN	eng	eng
continua	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deters	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ieasia	PM NOM	eng	eng
irritations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paradises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
privately	AB	eng	eng
inaccurately	AB	eng	eng
bleeth	PM NOM	eng	eng
impact	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chris	PM NOM	eng	eng
jastrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
nightingale's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
median	JJ POS	eng	eng
germany's	PM GEN	eng	eng
world-economies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
theoreticians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
becoming	VB	eng	eng
improve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subsidising	VB	eng	eng
cherokee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poland	PM NOM	eng	eng
appended	VB PAP	eng	eng
seats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exhausted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
boasting	VB ING	eng	eng
led	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hardwood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inasmuch	AB	eng	eng
lark	PM NOM	eng	eng
thrilled	JJ	eng	eng
popularizing	VB ING	eng	eng
resonance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diachronic	JJ POS	eng	eng
ingle	PM NOM	eng	eng
chancery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wind-up	VB	eng	eng
hefferan	PM NOM	eng	eng
steeles	PM GEN	eng	eng
policeman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
originality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fountain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
halls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doubletrouble	PM NOM	eng	eng
rhythm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcevoy	PM NOM	eng	eng
profanely	AB	eng	eng
authentications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
germanic	JJ POS	eng	eng
motivated	JJ POS	eng	eng
longleat	PM NOM	eng	eng
neofunctionalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monolingualisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
agriculture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unparalleled	JJ POS	eng	eng
oracles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wrists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccullough	PM NOM	eng	eng
shamanisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
curse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gradation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acceptance-rejection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cigarette	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cannibalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maximizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
anecdotal	JJ POS	eng	eng
bus-route	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
survey	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
board	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surname	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defended	VB PAP	eng	eng
inefficiently	AB	eng	eng
reintroduced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
isherwoods	PM GEN	eng	eng
dreamers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
one-hit-wonders	NN	eng	eng
mcgraw	PM NOM	eng	eng
brockington	PM NOM	eng	eng
twenty-first	RO	eng	eng
northwestern	JJ POS	eng	eng
combed	VB	eng	eng
unmotivatedly	AB	eng	eng
farrow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ordeal	JJ POS	eng	eng
automaton	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heroine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pittsburgh	PM NOM	eng	eng
definer	NN	eng	eng
stages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transited	VB PRT	eng	eng
fearfully	AB	eng	eng
estreem	PM NOM	eng	eng
fog	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gewirth	PM NOM	eng	eng
hyper-activity	NN	eng	eng
reserving	VB ING	eng	eng
peacekeepers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
icecream	NN	eng	eng
prototype	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
key	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chimes	PM NOM	eng	eng
c-rad	PM NOM	eng	eng
wariner	PM NOM	eng	eng
embodiments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
technocrats	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rail	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monogenic	JJ	eng	eng
tories	NN	eng	eng
foods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
engendering	VB ING	eng	eng
aphasias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
raving	PM NOM	eng	eng
cathexis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burchard	PM NOM	eng	eng
idealizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fulton	PM NOM	eng	eng
coate	PM NOM	eng	eng
longmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
interactional	JJ POS	eng	eng
agreed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
disguised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
judy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
homewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
kiesza	PM NOM	eng	eng
acorns	NN	eng	eng
process	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unforeseen	AB	eng	eng
skilled	JJ POS	eng	eng
compulsions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breakthroughs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
janes	PM GEN	eng	eng
neurologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stereotyped	JJ POS	eng	eng
non-delegable	JJ	eng	eng
non-stop-music	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hodgkinson	PM NOM	eng	eng
president	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
characterisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overtures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
firms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
timing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cougarland	PM NOM	eng	eng
political	JJ POS	eng	eng
deane	PM NOM	eng	eng
lamp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ukrainian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gauge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
community-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
joad	PM NOM	eng	eng
nigeria's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pensions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
objectionable	JJ POS	eng	eng
nonexercise	NN	eng	eng
dartmouth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mchaffe	PM NOM	eng	eng
inconceivably	AB	eng	eng
self-worth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-image	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brookfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
guerin	PM NOM	eng	eng
berkeleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
appreciating	VB ING	eng	eng
consents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
highfly	PM NOM	eng	eng
goldwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
closed-ended	JJ	eng	eng
input	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plurals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lodge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
costs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
elicitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-protection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
purges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cooperatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prescott	PM NOM	eng	eng
portraying	VB ING	eng	eng
brandon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
woodward	PM NOM	eng	eng
oshie	PM NOM	eng	eng
venture-capital	JJ POS	eng	eng
separatist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
respondent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rejoices	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
georgian	JJ POS	eng	eng
puff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hippocampal	JJ POS	eng	eng
pay	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
grandmother	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rational	JJ POS	eng	eng
brodies	PM NOM	eng	eng
megabinary	NN	eng	eng
jay-z	PM NOM	eng	eng
intuitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
thinnest	JJ	eng	eng
draconian	JJ POS	eng	eng
optically	AB	eng	eng
tried	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
haughton	PM NOM	eng	eng
intrapreneur	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
careless	JJ POS	eng	eng
privateers	NN	eng	eng
salivations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pleasanton	PM NOM	eng	eng
evangelism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
astoundingly	AB	eng	eng
transcultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
homes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contradictions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cuba	PM NOM	eng	eng
succumb	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lacey	PM NOM	eng	eng
underneath	PP	eng	eng
crucially	AB	eng	eng
pramface	PM NOM	eng	eng
remake	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
radioshack	PM NOM	eng	eng
stigmatization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unskilled	JJ POS	eng	eng
thumb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skulls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outreached	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
meanwhile	AB	eng	eng
neoliberalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rebels	NN	eng	eng
tune	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quickstep	NN	eng	eng
contemptuously	AB	eng	eng
abnegate	JJ	eng	eng
reeze	PM NOM	eng	eng
believing	VB ING	eng	eng
weathered	VB PRT	eng	eng
underwent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ponder	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mortimore	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonetheless	AB	eng	eng
premodern	JJ POS	eng	eng
urethral	JJ	eng	eng
snowball	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eugene's	PM GEN	eng	eng
helpers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bochco	PM NOM	eng	eng
fanciness	NN	eng	eng
protectively	AB	eng	eng
tells	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
appoints	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
uneasiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
falmouth	PM NOM	eng	eng
tenderly	AB	eng	eng
personallies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
helplessness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reflexivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
children	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seelman	PM NOM	eng	eng
empowers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
frozen	VB PAP	eng	eng
dube	PM NOM	eng	eng
petticoats	NN	eng	eng
blush	VB	eng	eng
elucidate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
observers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consultancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wreck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jobeth	PM NOM	eng	eng
unhappiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kenney	PM NOM	eng	eng
vampire	NN	eng	eng
allegiants	PM NOM	eng	eng
reproaches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sensibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holcroft	PM NOM	eng	eng
cry	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
intention-to-treat	NN	eng	eng
parcelled	VB PRT	eng	eng
presupposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intimidation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
edinburghs	PM GEN	eng	eng
acre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
geodis	PM NOM	eng	eng
sweltering	VB ING	eng	eng
hutchby	PM NOM	eng	eng
reorganization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
watfords	PM GEN	eng	eng
jewitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
sachets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
first-line	NN	eng	eng
counselors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biomechanical	JJ	eng	eng
widowers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penned	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
notation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bolshevism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reay	PM NOM	eng	eng
dow	PM NOM	eng	eng
crossroads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
consultings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disorderly	JJ POS	eng	eng
seville	PM NOM	eng	eng
feather	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perseveres	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
plots	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
passivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
galaxy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
renewable	JJ POS	eng	eng
personifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boundaryless	JJ POS	eng	eng
gender-loaded	JJ POS	eng	eng
cost-effective	JJ POS	eng	eng
outburst	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
separatism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retina	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
microorganism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
covington	PM NOM	eng	eng
disclaimer	NN	eng	eng
converter	NN	eng	eng
subordinated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unemployed	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcmahill	PM NOM	eng	eng
curator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nicholas	PM NOM	eng	eng
dougal	PM NOM	eng	eng
attractively	AB	eng	eng
golfs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carve-out	NN	eng	eng
shoeshines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
erected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mison	PM NOM	eng	eng
hymns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quartermain	PM NOM	eng	eng
moneybrother	PM NOM	eng	eng
yellowbird	PM NOM	eng	eng
biscuits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accreditations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enclosing	VB ING	eng	eng
worsted	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
securely	AB	eng	eng
gallaher	PM NOM	eng	eng
monstrously	AB	eng	eng
extract	NN	eng	eng
claimant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cadres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thurston's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bacteriological	JJ	eng	eng
disconfirmations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
homeworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
d'elia	PM NOM	eng	eng
licensed	JJ POS	eng	eng
creep	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
offline	JJ POS	eng	eng
chatfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
epileptics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stockmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
longstreet	PM NOM	eng	eng
losers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
freeware	NN	eng	eng
heaven's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
sameness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tasting	VB ING	eng	eng
musketeers	NN PLU	eng	eng
powerstock	PM NOM	eng	eng
brought	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pro-actively	AB	eng	eng
one-nordic	PM NOM	eng	eng
acrobatics	NN	eng	eng
gaither	PM NOM	eng	eng
absentees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allegation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supporter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
install	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
barrister	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kissimmee	PM NOM	eng	eng
goverance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
educationally	AB	eng	eng
championships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
benevolences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backyard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refusals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ashcroft	PM NOM	eng	eng
disregard	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
holly	PM NOM	eng	eng
palmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
penguin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dunleavy	PM NOM	eng	eng
addictions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
omitting	VB ING	eng	eng
lion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inserts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
shawnacy	PM NOM	eng	eng
nosy	PM NOM	eng	eng
scruggs	PM NOM	eng	eng
figures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
evangelist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bridger	PM NOM	eng	eng
perspectives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burgers	NN	eng	eng
communitarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hostage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meso	JJ POS	eng	eng
granola	NN	eng	eng
disarmament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
firestone	PM NOM	eng	eng
crystallizing	VB ING	eng	eng
switched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hermeneutical	JJ POS	eng	eng
palette	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
negativity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
farmingdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
beats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
awkward	JJ POS	eng	eng
resiliency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lawmaking	VB ING	eng	eng
ashmeade	PM NOM	eng	eng
longitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thinned	VB PRT	eng	eng
bedbound	JJ	eng	eng
anguishes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tummy	NN	eng	eng
macclesfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
fitting	VB ING	eng	eng
cooder	PM NOM	eng	eng
hinterland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
governed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unsolved	JJ POS	eng	eng
parrot	PM NOM	eng	eng
county	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sourly	AB	eng	eng
interrelates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rescuers	NN	eng	eng
occasionally	AB	eng	eng
stewis	PM NOM	eng	eng
notifiers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grasses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extant	JJ POS	eng	eng
sexualized	VB PAP	eng	eng
center	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
relationalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dailies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
o'hara	PM NOM	eng	eng
prescribing	VB ING	eng	eng
precisely	AB	eng	eng
nicely	AB	eng	eng
recruiting	VB ING	eng	eng
models	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
namenapping	NN	eng	eng
collectives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aluminium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brutally	PM GEN	eng	eng
universities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
refrigerator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
barns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reparenting	VB ING	eng	eng
pyramids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expansive	JJ POS	eng	eng
popping	VB ING	eng	eng
bandwidths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nephews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
miscarries	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
laterally	AB	eng	eng
upsurge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
castration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hattersley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
clip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cattles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dragons'	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
leftwich	PM NOM	eng	eng
ripples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
catford	PM NOM	eng	eng
review	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
earliest	JJ KOM	eng	eng
no-treatment	NN	eng	eng
specifics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
patchen	PM NOM	eng	eng
herb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
market-like	JJ	eng	eng
break-up	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adamant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freely	AB	eng	eng
arrested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tranquillisers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unlicensed	JJ	eng	eng
faintness	NN	eng	eng
atrial-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
preventions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phonographic	JJ	eng	eng
handbooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
geographically	AB	eng	eng
divergences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
visitor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chilton	PM NOM	eng	eng
leisure-time	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
staphylococci	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inconclusively	AB	eng	eng
mike's	PM GEN	eng	eng
height	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
netscape	PM NOM	eng	eng
vantage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chilwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
malnourished	JJ POS	eng	eng
multilevel	JJ POS	eng	eng
totalitarianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teenage	JJ POS	eng	eng
conquered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mama	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mistakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
participation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kiss	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nexuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sinéad	PM NOM	eng	eng
congregating	VB ING	eng	eng
feasibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
urology	NN	eng	eng
entitled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ian's	PM GEN	eng	eng
ryan	PM NOM	eng	eng
reporting	VB ING	eng	eng
lichfields	PM GEN	eng	eng
steams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jeff	PM NOM	eng	eng
typed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
componentially	AB	eng	eng
complaint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evidential	JJ POS	eng	eng
drug-using	JJ	eng	eng
diffusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brainboost	PM NOM	eng	eng
find	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
calum	PM NOM	eng	eng
institutionalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rattle	NN	eng	eng
hitman	PM NOM	eng	eng
essentials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
addition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
huxleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
wintersons	PM GEN	eng	eng
cornes	PM NOM	eng	eng
metaphysically	AB	eng	eng
negoatiating	VB ING	eng	eng
midlife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attentive	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-injury	NN	eng	eng
brady	PM NOM	eng	eng
armor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clapton	PM NOM	eng	eng
much-needed	JJ POS	eng	eng
supersized	JJ	eng	eng
temptingly	AB	eng	eng
statistician	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
interviewer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brain-gut	NN	eng	eng
longhampton	PM NOM	eng	eng
bugs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
albert	PM NOM	eng	eng
musical	JJ POS	eng	eng
public	JJ POS	eng	eng
margin	NN	eng	eng
ruthless	JJ POS	eng	eng
hopefully	AB	eng	eng
becomings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cherokees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
policymaking	VB ING	eng	eng
self-employment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diversification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colossally	AB	eng	eng
vertically	AB	eng	eng
harmless	JJ POS	eng	eng
corners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slid	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
industriously	AB	eng	eng
wrye	PM NOM	eng	eng
bastard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seismograph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bookings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enquiring	VB ING	eng	eng
gasping	NN	eng	eng
paradise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ordinating	VB ING	eng	eng
sifting	VB ING	eng	eng
fountains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interracially	AB	eng	eng
paragraph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fallow	JJ POS	eng	eng
westwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
condones	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fleeton	PM NOM	eng	eng
q-park	PM NOM	eng	eng
hardwoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
busiest	JJ	eng	eng
contagion	NN	eng	eng
curb	VB	eng	eng
springpride	NN	eng	eng
multimodal	JJ POS	eng	eng
begin	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
goosebumps	NN	eng	eng
handley	PM NOM	eng	eng
labelling	VB ING	eng	eng
notions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pastes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
flooding	VB ING	eng	eng
mcgoun	PM NOM	eng	eng
maximize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
affirms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
heterogeneity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greenslade	PM NOM	eng	eng
structural	JJ POS	eng	eng
replenishment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
5-a-day	NN	eng	eng
dealings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kellyanne	PM NOM	eng	eng
dichotomy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grove	JJ POS	eng	eng
indifferences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
implement	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
witch	PM NOM	eng	eng
compute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unable	JJ POS	eng	eng
viscount	PM NOM	eng	eng
leaped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
childism	NN	eng	eng
bi-polar	JJ	eng	eng
religiously	AB	eng	eng
coworker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dined	VB	eng	eng
ownby	PM NOM	eng	eng
lake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hawley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
unwisely	AB	eng	eng
underpinnings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quicksilver	NN	eng	eng
hunter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rockwool	PM NOM	eng	eng
productivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distanced	JJ POS	eng	eng
lowering	VB ING	eng	eng
utilitarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spectrum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
curly	AB	eng	eng
empty	JJ POS	eng	eng
patton	PM NOM	eng	eng
cate	PM NOM	eng	eng
honorary	JJ POS	eng	eng
johnny	PM NOM	eng	eng
joans	PM GEN	eng	eng
bay	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thickest	JJ	eng	eng
things	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
speculate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cleckley	PM NOM	eng	eng
fraction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hedges	PM NOM	eng	eng
fantasies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
egocentric	JJ POS	eng	eng
burtonwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
maureen	PM NOM	eng	eng
fishman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stepfathers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
web	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reconciliations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
excavated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hesitantly	AB	eng	eng
slots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
underestimate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mythological	JJ POS	eng	eng
fanatics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
georgetowns	PM GEN	eng	eng
verticality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
textiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minimalizes	VB	eng	eng
gut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surfers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prophetess	NN SIN NOM 	eng	eng
particularisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sympathizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
jordan	PM NOM	eng	eng
mallory	PM NOM	eng	eng
stress-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
discriminated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
homosexual	JJ POS	eng	eng
boldest	JJ	eng	eng
appraising	VB ING	eng	eng
reproduces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drearden	PM NOM	eng	eng
car's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
cyclically	AB	eng	eng
asking	VB ING	eng	eng
pressor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rescues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cowley	PM NOM	eng	eng
prosecuted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
whitesand	PM NOM	eng	eng
question	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monument	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enterally	AB	eng	eng
some	PN	eng	eng
selections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
earthpolicy	NN	eng	eng
switsbake	PM NOM	eng	eng
inspiratory	JJ	eng	eng
lippincott	PM NOM	eng	eng
broadmead	PM NOM	eng	eng
accedes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
opponent's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
enormous	JJ POS	eng	eng
casualties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
manoeuvres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
antarctic	JJ POS	eng	eng
prestudy	NN	eng	eng
hectare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impunities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
virtuously	AB	eng	eng
memoirs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ruled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mound	PM NOM	eng	eng
berkeley	PM NOM	eng	eng
reassuring	VB ING	eng	eng
blueberry	NN	eng	eng
educators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
presses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
parochially	AB	eng	eng
toolkits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scheduled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unconvincing	JJ POS	eng	eng
actualising	VB ING	eng	eng
machaffie	PM NOM	eng	eng
recalcitrant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obeyed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chikks	PM NOM	eng	eng
inverts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
repository	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loop	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
intercommunal	JJ POS	eng	eng
eastleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
thicke's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dreamweaverd	PM NOM	eng	eng
conjunctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
twin's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
weirdo	NN	eng	eng
tamzin	PM NOM	eng	eng
gooden	PM NOM	eng	eng
reworks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lovers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forth	RO	eng	eng
devil's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
careseeker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
character	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aback	AB	eng	eng
how	AB	eng	eng
neurological	JJ POS	eng	eng
co-operations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reappeared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unencumbered	JJ POS	eng	eng
cavity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
started	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pathos	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counter-hegemony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
speciation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ouija	PM NOM	eng	eng
brasil	PM NOM	eng	eng
leash	NN	eng	eng
colonialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
childrearing	VB ING	eng	eng
omnipotent	JJ POS	eng	eng
disestablishing	VB	eng	eng
minshew	PM NOM	eng	eng
affiliated	JJ POS	eng	eng
yeovil	PM NOM	eng	eng
recur	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
improvisers	NN PLU	eng	eng
balmford	PM NOM	eng	eng
sacrifice	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
affronted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gerontologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confining	VB ING	eng	eng
flatliners	PM NOM	eng	eng
newcorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
until	AB	eng	eng
redundantly	AB	eng	eng
faxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vegetarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
implicitly	AB	eng	eng
tradition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plagiarisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
merrimac	PM NOM	eng	eng
mistrusting	VB ING	eng	eng
concords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fundamentally	AB	eng	eng
spufford	PM NOM	eng	eng
custodies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impedes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mindedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
biotechnologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unknowing	VB	eng	eng
censored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
games	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greater	JJ	eng	eng
nike	PM NOM	eng	eng
castellan	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-identity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contractors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unexplained	JJ POS	eng	eng
seasides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parlophone	PM NOM	eng	eng
cheseecake	NN	eng	eng
soup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immersions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
place's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
interdisciplinary	JJ POS	eng	eng
market-driven	JJ POS	eng	eng
airforce	NN	eng	eng
reduces	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
colleen	PM NOM	eng	eng
endorsement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dreamboard	PM NOM	eng	eng
thetivoli	PM NOM	eng	eng
surreptitiously	AB	eng	eng
subscriber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eddie	PM NOM	eng	eng
axons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
camden's	PM GEN	eng	eng
diggerman	PM NOM	eng	eng
rowlings	PM GEN	eng	eng
ridsdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
thy	PN	eng	eng
congratulated	VB PRT	eng	eng
wildly	AB	eng	eng
instills	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
spanglish	NN	eng	eng
sluggishly	AB	eng	eng
dewigging	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tagcloud	NN	eng	eng
lincolns	PM GEN	eng	eng
region	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cromie	PM NOM	eng	eng
purity	NN	eng	eng
cybernetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
reassigned	VB PRT	eng	eng
pharmaceuticals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alignment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enacts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ambulatory	JJ	eng	eng
fruitcake	NN	eng	eng
motherhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thorofare	PM NOM	eng	eng
microenvironments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
importing	VB ING	eng	eng
constituency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rewording	VB ING	eng	eng
reused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
version	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intoxicated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
realizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
primordial	JJ POS	eng	eng
misrepresenting	VB ING	eng	eng
neurosci	PM NOM	eng	eng
foleys	PM GEN	eng	eng
wealth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hawking	PM NOM	eng	eng
agribusiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
asprey	PM NOM	eng	eng
zlicemenice	PM NOM	eng	eng
brain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
25'ers	NN PLU	eng	eng
overrepresented	JJ POS	eng	eng
overture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
destined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
variegated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
emerging	VB ING	eng	eng
sweatt	PM NOM	eng	eng
jeffners	PM GEN	eng	eng
firing	VB ING	eng	eng
project	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
positive	JJ POS	eng	eng
brooke	PM NOM	eng	eng
cursory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
covert-one	PM NOM	eng	eng
sociologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psycho-medical	JJ POS	eng	eng
unfortunate	JJ POS	eng	eng
alltheweb	PM NOM	eng	eng
hands-on	JJ POS	eng	eng
dresscode	NN	eng	eng
healthcare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
continued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
corrupting	VB ING	eng	eng
northcott	PM NOM	eng	eng
refined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hullo	IN	eng	eng
rental	JJ POS	eng	eng
long-run	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
medial	JJ POS	eng	eng
tuxedo	NN	eng	eng
easters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
warnes	PM NOM	eng	eng
predominant	JJ POS	eng	eng
invading	VB ING	eng	eng
sportwagon	PM NOM	eng	eng
jeany	PM NOM	eng	eng
related	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
complexions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coverts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dummy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immersion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keats	PM NOM	eng	eng
concealment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
priceless	JJ	eng	eng
mccluskey	PM NOM	eng	eng
vein	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
russell	PM NOM	eng	eng
affordability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dialectically	AB	eng	eng
decompositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
analogously	AB	eng	eng
mcghee	PM NOM	eng	eng
collages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frontpage	PM NOM	eng	eng
begins	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
paste	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
trustees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alphabet	NN	eng	eng
philosophical	JJ POS	eng	eng
tranquilizer	NN	eng	eng
miraculously	AB	eng	eng
attributing	VB ING	eng	eng
marginalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
documentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ribs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woodfox	PM NOM	eng	eng
cathryn	PM NOM	eng	eng
nashville	PM NOM	eng	eng
betas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
merlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
groves	PM NOM	eng	eng
tended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
alignments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maximum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
archetypally	AB	eng	eng
spitted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
waned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gothenburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
tubecon	PM NOM	eng	eng
happiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
henstridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
concluding	VB ING	eng	eng
harel	PM NOM	eng	eng
subversions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keepnews	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-manual	JJ	eng	eng
cuomo	PM NOM	eng	eng
live	AB	eng	eng
characters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
skidmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
euromeeting	PM NOM	eng	eng
air	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paetkau	PM NOM	eng	eng
playwrights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ignorantly	AB	eng	eng
unprofitable	JJ POS	eng	eng
panelled	VB PRT	eng	eng
etymologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forbids	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
djohnny	PM NOM	eng	eng
unionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
everyone	PN	eng	eng
cemeteries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bell	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cranberries	NN	eng	eng
fluidly	AB	eng	eng
anthropologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roseanne	PM NOM	eng	eng
blacklist	NN	eng	eng
post-structuralist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hedge	PM NOM	eng	eng
mckinseys	PM GEN	eng	eng
inspirations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polemic	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcburnett	PM NOM	eng	eng
amenorrhea	NN	eng	eng
firsthand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blueberrys	NN PLU	eng	eng
paralysis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
e-moderating	VB ING	eng	eng
alarmed	JJ POS	eng	eng
argumentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wearing	VB ING	eng	eng
spozed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
negatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
condon	PM NOM	eng	eng
solace	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
adolecents	NN PLU	eng	eng
text-box	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
philadelphia	PM NOM	eng	eng
assisting	VB ING	eng	eng
biopsy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
engagement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
middlesbrough	PM NOM	eng	eng
langshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
traditions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eterinary	JJ	eng	eng
mass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pherson	PM NOM	eng	eng
logistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
challengingly	AB	eng	eng
recreated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
invariably	JJ POS	eng	eng
sacrifices	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
substantively	AB	eng	eng
start-ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drugs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
providences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
verdicts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acceptation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcalister	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethnically	AB	eng	eng
propositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
luck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
copious	JJ POS	eng	eng
missile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trinitarian	JJ POS	eng	eng
faith's	PM GEN	eng	eng
processually	AB	eng	eng
repeatedly	AB	eng	eng
asscociations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dune	PM NOM	eng	eng
sear	NN	eng	eng
jurisdictional	JJ POS	eng	eng
doorway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
speculates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
militancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nobility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peep	PM NOM	eng	eng
sci-trek	PM NOM	eng	eng
harvesting	VB ING	eng	eng
hybrid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inhibited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mounds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cingulate	VB	eng	eng
sinead	PM NOM	eng	eng
focus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
idealists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
besides	AB	eng	eng
lover	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncritically	AB	eng	eng
arrowsmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
corporal	JJ POS	eng	eng
sterling	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aligning	VB ING	eng	eng
behalf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carmel	PM NOM	eng	eng
western	JJ POS	eng	eng
froggatt	PM NOM	eng	eng
indonesia	PM NOM	eng	eng
dips	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
inquisitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tube	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
computers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retails	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
upgraded	VB PAP	eng	eng
post-worlds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exempted	JJ POS	eng	eng
labor-intensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
prince's	PM GEN	eng	eng
implements	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
submissions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
depositing	VB	eng	eng
embarrasses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
casebooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recurs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sam	PM NOM	eng	eng
shylock	PM NOM	eng	eng
brewdog	PM NOM	eng	eng
manoeuvre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incomplete	JJ POS	eng	eng
meaningfully	AB	eng	eng
attachments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
certifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
punctual	JJ	eng	eng
selection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blizzcon	PM NOM	eng	eng
rigorous	JJ POS	eng	eng
arose	VB PST	eng	eng
freeden	PM NOM	eng	eng
skeletal	JJ POS	eng	eng
knot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
population	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reproduce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
icehotel	NN	eng	eng
pre-hospital	JJ	eng	eng
confessions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brainhunting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winwar	PM NOM	eng	eng
segment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jodhi	PM NOM	eng	eng
francisco's	PM GEN	eng	eng
coursework	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fairly	AB	eng	eng
rainy	JJ POS	eng	eng
tow	VB	eng	eng
derryberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
supranational	JJ POS	eng	eng
brigidh	PM NOM	eng	eng
eldridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
hit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
losehill	PM NOM	eng	eng
cumulatively	AB	eng	eng
pimpadelic	PM NOM	eng	eng
formatting	VB ING	eng	eng
praies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
teaparty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
finishing	VB ING	eng	eng
disregarded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
grobans	PM GEN	eng	eng
devices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
managing	VB ING	eng	eng
mitigation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cricket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entrenches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
self-evalutations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hurray	PM NOM	eng	eng
worldly	JJ POS	eng	eng
redesigning	VB ING	eng	eng
conglomerates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
payable	JJ POS	eng	eng
wholey	PM NOM	eng	eng
challenged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
receptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
structuralists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
audiological	JJ	eng	eng
antboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
waterfronts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bold	JJ POS	eng	eng
resentment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
palestine	PM NOM	eng	eng
kramer	PM NOM	eng	eng
banned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
moore's	PM GEN	eng	eng
poet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indeterminacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buttercup	PM NOM	eng	eng
bitterly	AB	eng	eng
felstead	PM NOM	eng	eng
vividness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reeder's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bobbitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
intrigued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
self-service	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sucker	NN	eng	eng
cushion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equivalently	AB	eng	eng
tolerating	VB ING	eng	eng
symmetrically	AB	eng	eng
confessin	VB	eng	eng
self-exposure	NN	eng	eng
investigating	VB ING	eng	eng
intertwining	VB ING	eng	eng
lobbyboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
semiotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
burndown	NN	eng	eng
fundraisings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shotproof	JJ	eng	eng
swingtime	NN	eng	eng
anchored	JJ POS	eng	eng
bargainings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
barrowclough	PM NOM	eng	eng
masterminds	NN - PLU DEF NOM	eng	eng
mearns	PM NOM	eng	eng
communications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pre-modern	JJ POS	eng	eng
enact	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
headman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heavier	JJ KOM	eng	eng
attacked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
birthplace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
could	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
steppe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
armies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
metaphorically	AB	eng	eng
geoff	PM NOM	eng	eng
contagions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revolt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
view	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
end	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
malebiased	JJ POS	eng	eng
regionalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paragraphs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heresies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kingstown	PM NOM	eng	eng
experiment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
purifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
seawalk	NN	eng	eng
fortresses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
precaution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
offerings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
misrepresented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
examination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dictatorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
donated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
engage	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
scepticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
margie	PM NOM	eng	eng
left-hand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conform	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sheeny	PM NOM	eng	eng
dragonwagon	PM NOM	eng	eng
sacramentally	AB	eng	eng
olive	PM NOM	eng	eng
profess	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
heterogeneously	AB	eng	eng
differing	VB ING	eng	eng
sheriffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
typifying	VB ING	eng	eng
inflection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pre-positional	JJ POS	eng	eng
heatherton	PM NOM	eng	eng
civilise	VB	eng	eng
doubtful	JJ POS	eng	eng
blushs	VB	eng	eng
bootstrap	VB	eng	eng
counterintuitively	AB	eng	eng
informing	VB ING	eng	eng
penthouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
dunford	PM NOM	eng	eng
alterations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mentor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insanely	AB	eng	eng
garment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bankruptcy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suspect	NN	eng	eng
aint	VB	eng	eng
sailed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
farming	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knockaround	PM NOM	eng	eng
electroencephalography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nixon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
annihilation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
librarianship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ojai's	PM GEN	eng	eng
antiquated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
consultant's	NN PLU	eng	eng
proliferates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
uncertainly	AB	eng	eng
carefree	JJ	eng	eng
nordic	JJ POS	eng	eng
winterson	PM NOM	eng	eng
gathers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
down-sizing	VB ING	eng	eng
durrett	PM NOM	eng	eng
essential	JJ POS	eng	eng
ebuy	PM NOM	eng	eng
laugher	PM NOM	eng	eng
goldmember	PM NOM	eng	eng
wrecks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
agonies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diffusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
complaints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-educations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coulson	PM NOM	eng	eng
lad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lichfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
weeping	VB ING	eng	eng
realised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
quasia	PM NOM	eng	eng
imagining	VB ING	eng	eng
falsified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hells	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
newscast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teenagers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
calleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
heroes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disciples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glimpse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
braehead	PM NOM	eng	eng
symptomatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
marketing	VB ING	eng	eng
mutilations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
income	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blackfoot	NN	eng	eng
theatrically	AB	eng	eng
claims-makings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hasting	PM NOM	eng	eng
notifie	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
novelties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deadman	PM NOM	eng	eng
sillyly	AB	eng	eng
ripest	JJ	eng	eng
fortified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fund-raising	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
countryside	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antique	JJ POS	eng	eng
wraps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
generalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
incorrect	JJ POS	eng	eng
wordings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
displays	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
longitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
capacity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foolish	JJ POS	eng	eng
disestablished	VB PRT	eng	eng
downscoping	VB ING	eng	eng
daydream	NN	eng	eng
well-meaning	JJ POS	eng	eng
hurry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coogler	PM NOM	eng	eng
trillion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intermarriage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mediating	VB ING	eng	eng
pseudo	JJ POS	eng	eng
danish	JJ POS	eng	eng
glory	PM NOM	eng	eng
chapman	PM NOM	eng	eng
miscavige	PM NOM	eng	eng
assassin	NN	eng	eng
outstandingly	AB	eng	eng
trumans	PM GEN	eng	eng
damaging	VB ING	eng	eng
backdrop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lightbody	PM NOM	eng	eng
fertilized	JJ POS	eng	eng
contemporary	JJ POS	eng	eng
our	PN	eng	eng
products	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confronts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
loser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drummer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gilligam	PM NOM	eng	eng
sailor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phonograph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flapjacks	NN	eng	eng
bandwidth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
presently's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cadre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
randall	PM NOM	eng	eng
bursting	VB ING	eng	eng
stances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tasmanian	PM NOM	eng	eng
creeps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bootcamp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jungles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
favored	JJ POS	eng	eng
paternal	JJ POS	eng	eng
oppressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
misses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
grabs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
determinates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
aluminiums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sprucefields	PM NOM	eng	eng
coase	PM NOM	eng	eng
chemist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cop-bad	JJ POS	eng	eng
interacts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
obscurities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inviting	VB ING	eng	eng
moorhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
overall	JJ POS	eng	eng
herds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
capture	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
useing	VB ING	eng	eng
shaggy	PM NOM	eng	eng
bilge	NN	eng	eng
help-seeking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entity's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
triangular	JJ POS	eng	eng
mclafferty	PM NOM	eng	eng
mead	PM NOM	eng	eng
crested	JJ	eng	eng
assimilation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eppridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
chi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diverts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
indianapolis	PM NOM	eng	eng
civilizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shoeshine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
respites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boron-enhanced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
counterfactual	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
langlet	PM NOM	eng	eng
futurliner	PM NOM	eng	eng
medical	JJ POS	eng	eng
mid-century	JJ POS	eng	eng
maclaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
hatch	PM NOM	eng	eng
revised	JJ POS	eng	eng
compositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nourishing	VB ING	eng	eng
bilevel	NN	eng	eng
ousted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
baruchel	PM NOM	eng	eng
reinstatement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
post-modernisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harbour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rimcure	PM NOM	eng	eng
validity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decision	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bundock	PM NOM	eng	eng
brisley	PM NOM	eng	eng
capitalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
renewables	NN	eng	eng
followers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parsing	VB ING	eng	eng
devolved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
utilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
draperies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resent	VB lang:fre	eng	eng
sheltering	VB	eng	eng
rebates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sentimentalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
etown	PM NOM	eng	eng
ambush	VB	eng	eng
purifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
legitimizing	VB ING	eng	eng
addiction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
purposefully	AB	eng	eng
disregards	VB HSI	eng	eng
within	PP	eng	eng
lawlessly	AB	eng	eng
honours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unreturned	JJ	eng	eng
role-playing	VB ING	eng	eng
barristers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
supporters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
model	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leonard	PM NOM	eng	eng
persian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neoliberalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
witchery	NN	eng	eng
musketeer	NN SIN	eng	eng
riches	PM NOM	eng	eng
impossibly	AB	eng	eng
outworkers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
volition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
epileptic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corresponded	VB PAP	eng	eng
greet	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
holds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
silverbirch	PM NOM	eng	eng
dislocations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subcontractor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
archaelogies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frasier	PM NOM	eng	eng
wackerly	PM NOM	eng	eng
leakes	NN	eng	eng
traumatization	NN	eng	eng
conceived	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stapling	VB ING	eng	eng
worthlessness	NN	eng	eng
whipp	PM NOM	eng	eng
screwed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lighted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
smallest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
balcony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agriculturalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
speculation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heaphy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
canceled	JJ POS	eng	eng
perseverance	NN	eng	eng
commissure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
financial	JJ POS	eng	eng
unpleasantly	AB	eng	eng
programmed	JJ POS	eng	eng
adverbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
softwares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
precipitated	JJ POS	eng	eng
citrate	NN	eng	eng
creelman	PM NOM	eng	eng
mildness	NN	eng	eng
seminar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thebook	PM NOM	eng	eng
horrors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meaghan	PM NOM	eng	eng
cribbins	PM NOM	eng	eng
susskind	PM NOM	eng	eng
pear	NN	eng	eng
sincerity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diversified	JJ POS	eng	eng
hungerford	PM NOM	eng	eng
ventilations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nonword	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
robin	PM NOM	eng	eng
hegemons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lady	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
investiture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multicast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maimie	PM NOM	eng	eng
persevere	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
arithmetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
dawe	PM NOM	eng	eng
wollstonecrafts	PM GEN	eng	eng
steam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
introspections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sleightholme	PM NOM	eng	eng
maintenance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crossroad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
analysts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
envelope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
biofeedback	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stale	JJ POS	eng	eng
brosnan	PM NOM	eng	eng
peripherally	AB	eng	eng
accelerated	JJ POS	eng	eng
suen	PM NOM	eng	eng
counselor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warners	PM GEN	eng	eng
ethnographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
hypoglycemia	NN	eng	eng
prioritised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
amounts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edinburgh	PM NOM	eng	eng
bradys	PM GEN	eng	eng
recordations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
madhawk	PM NOM	eng	eng
armors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
benchmarking	VB ING	eng	eng
skandar	PM NOM	eng	eng
incests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deductively	AB	eng	eng
ethnologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pam	PM NOM	eng	eng
allegiant	PM NOM	eng	eng
implemented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
garret	PM NOM	eng	eng
goat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elucidates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
oakeshotts	PM GEN	eng	eng
locators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
milligrams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tabulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
metaphors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shadowlands	PM GEN	eng	eng
bans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eugenic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stiffened	VB PRT	eng	eng
addressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
interdependent	JJ POS	eng	eng
rundles	PM NOM	eng	eng
hawkins	PM NOM	eng	eng
bucket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colliding	VB ING	eng	eng
terrible	JJ POS	eng	eng
presences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
claiborne	PM NOM	eng	eng
tentacles	NN	eng	eng
heartlips	PM NOM	eng	eng
canopies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cornwallis	PM NOM	eng	eng
value-added	VB ING	eng	eng
decays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
disperse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fertilisers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
select	VB	eng	eng
attendances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mnemonists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rhetorics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scrupulously	AB	eng	eng
kathereine	PM NOM	eng	eng
entail	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cafes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
continuously	AB	eng	eng
deterred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
newman	PM NOM	eng	eng
threath	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
relativities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harrington	PM NOM	eng	eng
alwoods	PM NOM	eng	eng
numbered	JJ POS	eng	eng
reuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
appealed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
leafs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spinoff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mobilization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lightning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
book's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
bared	VB	eng	eng
mired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
motioning	VB	eng	eng
timid	JJ POS	eng	eng
incoherent	JJ POS	eng	eng
womanhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
descendant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sheckley	PM NOM	eng	eng
consequent	JJ POS	eng	eng
lengthening	VB ING	eng	eng
variation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
administrates	VB	eng	eng
maclean	PM NOM	eng	eng
sentimentally	AB	eng	eng
graphics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
letter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fruitvale	PM NOM	eng	eng
lastly	AB	eng	eng
psychiatries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hotline	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccanns	PM GEN	eng	eng
crazy	JJ POS	eng	eng
non-shared	JJ	eng	eng
parasuicides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hollingworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
perniall	PM NOM	eng	eng
worksite	NN	eng	eng
indigious	JJ	eng	eng
savvy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
action	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plummer	PM NOM	eng	eng
suffrages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
complied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
indulged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lockley	PM NOM	eng	eng
dragon	PM NOM	eng	eng
redesign	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
twisting	VB ING	eng	eng
electing	VB ING	eng	eng
buscemis	PM GEN	eng	eng
macpherson	PM NOM	eng	eng
colonizer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nextory	PM NOM	eng	eng
leadbeater	PM NOM	eng	eng
tumultuously	AB	eng	eng
notionally	AB	eng	eng
hargreaves	PM NOM	eng	eng
portals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commander	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consumerism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
servitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stateless	JJ POS	eng	eng
episcopally	AB	eng	eng
crawshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
geologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
willfully	AB	eng	eng
quale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
quietness	NN	eng	eng
metacognitively	AB	eng	eng
constitute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
immigrants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kaepernick	PM NOM	eng	eng
europhile	PM NOM	eng	eng
irvington	PM NOM	eng	eng
classics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dialogical	JJ POS	eng	eng
reacted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
normativities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oldham	PM NOM	eng	eng
wayo	PM NOM	eng	eng
think	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cleary's	PM GEN	eng	eng
interactive	JJ POS	eng	eng
dog	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
competitors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cogently	AB	eng	eng
selfridges	PM GEN	eng	eng
soloway	PM NOM	eng	eng
developers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whoville	PM NOM	eng	eng
hiked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
spacex	PM NOM	eng	eng
regulatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
strip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extremism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-disclose	NN	eng	eng
disappears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
promises	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
diplomat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defensible	JJ POS	eng	eng
deregistration	NN	eng	eng
tysons	PM GEN	eng	eng
geostorm	PM NOM	eng	eng
immobility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
murrell	PM NOM	eng	eng
pyrochemical	JJ POS	eng	eng
constables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stacked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hurdles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
feudal	JJ POS	eng	eng
workmate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
directional	JJ POS	eng	eng
recommends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
names	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shuffleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
wetting	VB	eng	eng
commerces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eroding	VB ING	eng	eng
saturn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
notorius	JJ	eng	eng
tyrants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
costuming	VB	eng	eng
doggybags	NN	eng	eng
hermione	PM NOM	eng	eng
decentring	VB ING	eng	eng
olympics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evolving	VB ING	eng	eng
colloquial	JJ POS	eng	eng
sadder	JJ	eng	eng
redeemed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
heritability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weasley	PM NOM	eng	eng
lovelorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
believin	VB	eng	eng
presents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ashcroft's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stratifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
de'ath	NN	eng	eng
chemotactical	JJ	eng	eng
limes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
italian's	PM GEN	eng	eng
varsity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lessly	AB	eng	eng
his-story	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concomitantly	AB	eng	eng
eight-year-old	JJ	eng	eng
alert	JJ POS	eng	eng
deliverable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pocono	PM NOM	eng	eng
policymaker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tuke	PM NOM	eng	eng
blockades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bondage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chrissy	PM NOM	eng	eng
damn	JJ POS	eng	eng
doubles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accept	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
prefix	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feel-good	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wrongful	JJ POS	eng	eng
monsea	PM NOM	eng	eng
child-specific	JJ	eng	eng
postcolonial	JJ POS	eng	eng
reformee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decree	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
childbirth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
truths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eldrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
muir	PM NOM	eng	eng
prostate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thurston	PM NOM	eng	eng
huey	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcgladrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
scientism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interviewing	VB ING	eng	eng
nut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inaccessible	JJ POS	eng	eng
life-styles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reflects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reconsignment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
haphazard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tawny	JJ	eng	eng
calhoun	PM NOM	eng	eng
politicized	VB PAP	eng	eng
scheana	PM NOM	eng	eng
cathedral	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evaluates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
novices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acticoat	PM NOM	eng	eng
elevated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inferiorities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diagonally	AB	eng	eng
whisk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guide-lines	NN	eng	eng
hung	VB PST	eng	eng
restrains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tales	NN	eng	eng
teamworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
first-century	JJ POS	eng	eng
gov	PM NOM	eng	eng
claimed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
carruthers	PM NOM	eng	eng
cellavision	PM NOM	eng	eng
rotes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
materializes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tsarist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assertedly	AB	eng	eng
weren't	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nurtures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
insurer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jury	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
birthdays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
department	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reasonableness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bolsters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goody	PM NOM	eng	eng
bent	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
huntsman	PM NOM	eng	eng
size	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
auld	PM NOM	eng	eng
transaction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shortage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roughness	NN	eng	eng
burnouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
persistence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evans	PM NOM	eng	eng
random	JJ POS	eng	eng
enumerations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sought	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
psychologists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appetizer	NN	eng	eng
denounced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
personality-disordered	JJ	eng	eng
warned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
correctly	AB	eng	eng
infrastructure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
generated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
aches	VB HSI	eng	eng
ambivalences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
specimen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plagued	JJ POS	eng	eng
tickle	VB	eng	eng
thanking	VB ING	eng	eng
searchlights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coastlines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
propelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bushwillow	PM NOM	eng	eng
jews	PM NOM	eng	eng
zombies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coulton	PM NOM	eng	eng
thirds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compromising	VB ING	eng	eng
zuckerbergs	PM GEN	eng	eng
tuscany	PM NOM	eng	eng
powel	PM NOM	eng	eng
deeley	PM NOM	eng	eng
shovelers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
explanation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burley	PM NOM	eng	eng
newscorp	PM NOM	eng	eng
funnel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-perceived	NN	eng	eng
statuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elitist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dwynwyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
disrupts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
listening	VB ING	eng	eng
americans	PM NOM	eng	eng
madbone	NN	eng	eng
securities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
camp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
children's	NN PLU GEN	eng	eng
artistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
flurry	JJ POS	eng	eng
wallaby	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mousse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sending	VB ING	eng	eng
illness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tariffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ascents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lashley	PM NOM	eng	eng
hostname	NN	eng	eng
madden	PM NOM	eng	eng
asymmetrical	JJ POS	eng	eng
birstall	PM NOM	eng	eng
sequencing	VB ING	eng	eng
attention-placebo	NN	eng	eng
receding	VB ING	eng	eng
abstractedly	AB	eng	eng
rowing	VB	eng	eng
commissions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wholesales	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contactmusic	PM NOM	eng	eng
lowell	PM NOM	eng	eng
alienated	JJ POS	eng	eng
twenty-five	RG	eng	eng
self-perceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inspecting	VB ING	eng	eng
cullis	PM NOM	eng	eng
dung	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fashion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pittsburgh's	PM GEN	eng	eng
springover	PM NOM	eng	eng
pollute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
falls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
thermogenesis	NN	eng	eng
disappeared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
metascientific	JJ POS	eng	eng
urologist	NN	eng	eng
recommended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
features	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accumulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
peripheries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interrogate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
molded	VB PAP	eng	eng
sides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
development	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cashes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
georgette	PM NOM	eng	eng
cheapy	JJ	eng	eng
pepper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
addict	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
perform	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
socky	JJ	eng	eng
spickard	PM NOM	eng	eng
toilet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
minimalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hensall	PM NOM	eng	eng
altruism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eradicated	JJ POS	eng	eng
cranking	VB ING	eng	eng
adornment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anti-corporate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bicultural	JJ	eng	eng
woodcock	PM NOM	eng	eng
houndmills	PM NOM	eng	eng
hurston	PM NOM	eng	eng
curvy	JJ	eng	eng
sherone	PM NOM	eng	eng
subtropic	PM NOM	eng	eng
fourfold	JJ POS	eng	eng
fiduciary	JJ POS	eng	eng
suicidality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foundation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bizarrely	AB	eng	eng
flipped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
plugs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-agency	NN	eng	eng
embodying	VB ING	eng	eng
inorganic	JJ POS	eng	eng
breed	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
webbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dispel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
nine	RG	eng	eng
round	JJ POS	eng	eng
crosfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
fodders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
defends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
showbeez	PM NOM	eng	eng
geometrically	AB	eng	eng
inappropriately	AB	eng	eng
epidemiologically	AB	eng	eng
day-to-day	AB	eng	eng
residual	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
veggie	NN	eng	eng
malone	PM NOM	eng	eng
reminiscent	JJ POS	eng	eng
indefinitely	AB	eng	eng
kerman	PM NOM	eng	eng
whig	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goodenow	PM NOM	eng	eng
compelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
johnes	PM NOM	eng	eng
usage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
affaire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jerich	PM NOM	eng	eng
empire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concordances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
misuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woolworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
concrete	JJ POS	eng	eng
certainties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beach	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pastries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
actor's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
perusals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
millionaire	NN	eng	eng
commencing	VB ING	eng	eng
winery	NN	eng	eng
newquay	PM NOM	eng	eng
patronage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
throwing	VB ING	eng	eng
transcriptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brotherton	PM NOM	eng	eng
dependants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
analyzing	VB ING	eng	eng
vancouver	PM NOM	eng	eng
diameter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conjunctures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
respondent's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
from	PP	eng	eng
hackett's	PM GEN	eng	eng
presiding	VB ING	eng	eng
suicidally	AB	eng	eng
masefields	PM NOM	eng	eng
vengeances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heretically	AB	eng	eng
faversham	PM NOM	eng	eng
nightlight	PM NOM	eng	eng
heward	PM NOM	eng	eng
lewine	PM NOM	eng	eng
caramel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
augments	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
silvers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
constance	PM NOM	eng	eng
bamboos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
freeze	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
leaked	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spectacularly	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-control	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
selfreflection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adducts	VB HSI	eng	eng
purposive	JJ POS	eng	eng
grasp	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
politer	JJ	eng	eng
wildbirds	NN	eng	eng
cunning	JJ POS	eng	eng
distantly	AB	eng	eng
relationally	AB	eng	eng
retained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
opposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
spheres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swum	VB PAP	eng	eng
unintendedly	AB	eng	eng
pats	PM GEN	eng	eng
gravitates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
berkeley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
functionary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entailment	NN	eng	eng
blowback	NN	eng	eng
avails	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
graceful	JJ POS	eng	eng
accrued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
metabolism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
secures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
westbrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
blanchard	PM NOM	eng	eng
assessors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
someday	AB	eng	eng
pretends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
twirlywoos	PM NOM	eng	eng
prototypical	JJ POS	eng	eng
escalating	VB ING	eng	eng
seabrooke	PM NOM	eng	eng
brigades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ailwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
compare	VB	eng	eng
archbishops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
badassdom	PM NOM	eng	eng
escaped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
spences	PM GEN	eng	eng
token	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goodalls	PM GEN	eng	eng
fists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sore	JJ POS	eng	eng
scogin	PM NOM	eng	eng
interventionisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
opponent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insular	JJ POS	eng	eng
housew.	AB	eng	eng
thaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
moderation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seigneurially	AB	eng	eng
haylay	PM NOM	eng	eng
zoonotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
bitcoin	NN	eng	eng
correctness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sulphurs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
denzel	PM NOM	eng	eng
postmaterial	JJ POS	eng	eng
motorcycle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dims	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
jolley	PM NOM	eng	eng
silences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swallow	VB	eng	eng
bayfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
brevity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
odds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obsolete	JJ POS	eng	eng
learnt	VB PAP	eng	eng
humanness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fetch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rideout	PM NOM	eng	eng
disaster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discontinuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
unwarrantedly	AB	eng	eng
flexibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inequality	NN	eng	eng
out-comes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
potomac	PM NOM	eng	eng
dawkins	PM NOM	eng	eng
colitis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knowledgeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
pistol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oppositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
missed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
coffee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ruler's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
pending	VB ING	eng	eng
unimportant	JJ POS	eng	eng
appreciation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
saliences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cholera	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
motor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treatable	JJ POS	eng	eng
dolezal	PM NOM	eng	eng
look	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
temperaments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ipeer	PM NOM	eng	eng
fortune	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cooling	VB	eng	eng
customisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pranksters	NN PLU	eng	eng
incommensurability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
they'd	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
eliminated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mighty	JJ POS	eng	eng
indiscriminately	AB	eng	eng
percentages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ethnology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lane	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abjectly	AB	eng	eng
predictions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
as-needed	JJ	eng	eng
eilean	PM NOM	eng	eng
multiplication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jayce	PM NOM	eng	eng
competetive	JJ	eng	eng
solidified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
theological	JJ POS	eng	eng
loads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brakes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
prostitutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
riverbed	NN	eng	eng
octopus	NN	eng	eng
determinism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
empiricism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
effort	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
convergent	JJ POS	eng	eng
ship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supervising	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wilburys	PM NOM	eng	eng
rayburn's	PM GEN	eng	eng
perceived	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
northwest's	PM GEN	eng	eng
metronome	NN	eng	eng
appends	VB HSI	eng	eng
digits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eastview	PM NOM	eng	eng
transcendental	JJ POS	eng	eng
me	PN	eng	eng
lucy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fineness	PM NOM	eng	eng
depart	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mistle-tones	PM NOM	eng	eng
descriptively	AB	eng	eng
disseminating	VB ING	eng	eng
thrills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sensitized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
daydreaming	NN	eng	eng
oneness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
necessitated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
due	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
quantitative	JJ POS	eng	eng
uphold	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mygatt	PM NOM	eng	eng
ear	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
backs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cloke	PM NOM	eng	eng
enlist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ordering	VB ING	eng	eng
testifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
landscaping	NN	eng	eng
stokeley	PM NOM	eng	eng
paternalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
flourished	JJ POS	eng	eng
pros	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
combine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
trots	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
roomful	JJ	eng	eng
banners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jagger	PM NOM	eng	eng
icans	PM GEN	eng	eng
colliers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tying	VB ING	eng	eng
self-managing	JJ POS	eng	eng
nonono	PM NOM	eng	eng
flash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
argument-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
almonds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
state-owned	JJ POS	eng	eng
reciprocating	VB ING	eng	eng
self-incrimination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beardwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
hog	NN	eng	eng
herself	PN	eng	eng
hackney's	PM GEN	eng	eng
malley	PM NOM	eng	eng
registers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
activists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
able-bodied	JJ POS	eng	eng
mouth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bluesy	PM NOM	eng	eng
marketwatch	NN	eng	eng
ringrose	PM NOM	eng	eng
orangish	JJ	eng	eng
silks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
second-generation	JJ POS	eng	eng
allocentrics	NN	eng	eng
mainy	PM NOM	eng	eng
ed	PM NOM	eng	eng
sown	VB PAP	eng	eng
nonfiction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ireland	PM NOM	eng	eng
towndrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
identification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collins	PM NOM	eng	eng
pre	JJ POS	eng	eng
caeleb	PM NOM	eng	eng
responsiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
satires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
demonstrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
duke	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
predisposed	JJ POS	eng	eng
unfreeze	VB	eng	eng
adjourning	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
metropolises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attendees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shallow	JJ POS	eng	eng
hooters	PM NOM	eng	eng
expekt	PM NOM	eng	eng
balance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
duller	JJ	eng	eng
spider	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
walrus	NN	eng	eng
symbol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
matchstick	NN	eng	eng
anyhow	AB	eng	eng
snows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intergovernmentally	AB	eng	eng
belfort	PM NOM	eng	eng
ulysses	PM NOM	eng	eng
logotype	NN	eng	eng
roommates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
francs	NN ÖLU	eng	eng
uploads	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
matured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reaffirmation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pave-hawk	PM NOM	eng	eng
breeds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
schoolwork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
observance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
persist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
liturgies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anon	AB	eng	eng
shower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dupree	PM NOM	eng	eng
gin'n	NN	eng	eng
kilbourne	PM NOM	eng	eng
typeset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moulded	VB PAP	eng	eng
emblematic	JJ POS	eng	eng
reconfigure	VB	eng	eng
finances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
duos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
headless	JJ	eng	eng
leamer	PM NOM	eng	eng
universalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deciding	VB ING	eng	eng
attributional	JJ POS	eng	eng
usages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tiptoe	VB	eng	eng
rumford	PM NOM	eng	eng
rounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goldenberg	PM NOM	eng	eng
luna	PM NOM	eng	eng
half-century	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rawlins	PM NOM	eng	eng
derailed	JJ	eng	eng
dignify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stealing	VB ING	eng	eng
dudman	PM NOM	eng	eng
colonists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contributing	VB ING	eng	eng
reschedules	VB	eng	eng
unfairly	AB	eng	eng
buttin	PM NOM	eng	eng
himher	PN	eng	eng
wick	PM NOM	eng	eng
rigor	JJ POS	eng	eng
defying	VB ING	eng	eng
longtime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
silkwood	NN	eng	eng
quinolone	NN	eng	eng
eagerly	AB	eng	eng
semantic	JJ POS	eng	eng
surfed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
permanence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ventricular	JJ POS	eng	eng
new	JJ POS	eng	eng
knight-downing	PM NOM	eng	eng
proxies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anarcho-syndicalism	NN	eng	eng
grooming	VB ING	eng	eng
enamored	JJ	eng	eng
transiently	AB	eng	eng
slayton	PM NOM	eng	eng
shead	PM NOM	eng	eng
pant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ballroom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amateur	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stringfellow	PM NOM	eng	eng
blackpearl	PM NOM	eng	eng
subverts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
extrapolated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
study's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
grasps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
completely	XXX	eng	eng
prankster	NN	eng	eng
yesterday's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
supplementary	JJ POS	eng	eng
variant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crowell	PM NOM	eng	eng
disappointment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
naquasia	PM NOM	eng	eng
baddeley	PM NOM	eng	eng
eldon	PM NOM	eng	eng
linearity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disincentive	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
realigning	VB ING	eng	eng
ambitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nonconscious	JJ POS	eng	eng
noah's	PM GEN	eng	eng
falmer	PM NOM	eng	eng
deference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychosexually	AB	eng	eng
35th	JJ POS	eng	eng
dreamcatcher	PM NOM	eng	eng
ceos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcbride	PM NOM	eng	eng
rest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misrepresents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
whishaws	PM GEN	eng	eng
avail	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nomenclature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suitcases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commission's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
vengeance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
masefield	PM NOM	eng	eng
heathman	PM NOM	eng	eng
pitchmen	NN	eng	eng
slabbing	VB ING	eng	eng
cambodia	PM NOM	eng	eng
counterfeit	JJ POS	eng	eng
envisionment	NN SIN	eng	eng
integrating	VB ING	eng	eng
waveforms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
traffic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
laws	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
milicent	PM NOM	eng	eng
infrastructurally	AB	eng	eng
conflates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
vancouvers	PM GEN	eng	eng
dependant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tokens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
immunities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ought	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pumps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unelected	JJ POS	eng	eng
mayflower	PM NOM	eng	eng
payoff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
before	AB	eng	eng
armchair	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bagpipes	NN	eng	eng
terminally	AB	eng	eng
functions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
secretarial	JJ POS	eng	eng
hollywood's	PM GEN	eng	eng
vaginal	JJ POS	eng	eng
podger	PM NOM	eng	eng
runway	NN	eng	eng
refutation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
viabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dispossession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
silhouette	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concours	VB	eng	eng
peppercorn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crucifix	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tichenor	PM NOM	eng	eng
energized	VB PAP	eng	eng
manipulative	JJ POS	eng	eng
brandy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mental	JJ POS	eng	eng
elegy	PM NOM	eng	eng
dobtcheff	PM NOM	eng	eng
artists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reoccurring	VB	eng	eng
nicene	JJ POS	eng	eng
firefight	NN	eng	eng
freedoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prairies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
canmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
paddles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pretence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
frogeye	PM NOM	eng	eng
secretary-general	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
examines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
peek	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interventionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncanny	JJ POS	eng	eng
gravitate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
nonlinear	JJ POS	eng	eng
potlatches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lengths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forwarding	VB ING	eng	eng
venter	PM NOM	eng	eng
mid-1970	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skidmore's	PM GEN	eng	eng
locorriere	PM NOM	eng	eng
waked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
eloquent	JJ POS	eng	eng
mulroney	PM NOM	eng	eng
everyone's	PN GEN	eng	eng
reassurance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thurgood	PM NOM	eng	eng
constances	NN PLU	eng	eng
motors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aim	VB	eng	eng
earp's	PM GEN	eng	eng
smokeless	JJ	eng	eng
brake	PM NOM	eng	eng
battlegroups	NN PLU	eng	eng
kane's	PM GEN	eng	eng
usefully	AB	eng	eng
assured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
budgeting	VB ING	eng	eng
teal'c	PM NOM	eng	eng
mourned	VB	eng	eng
shadow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pastiche	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smotherman	PM NOM	eng	eng
natures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dancin	VB	eng	eng
topographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
individualistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
urologists	NN PLU	eng	eng
regretful	JJ	eng	eng
snowdens	PM GEN	eng	eng
midsummer	NN	eng	eng
insensitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-effacing	NN	eng	eng
prolonged	JJ POS	eng	eng
longabaugh	PM NOM	eng	eng
artworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neuromechanical	JJ	eng	eng
digit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cousins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bromhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
coincides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pearce's	PM GEN	eng	eng
poore	JJ POS	eng	eng
work	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
polluters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grandson	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
godley	PM NOM	eng	eng
widens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
protagorean	JJ POS	eng	eng
mulhare	PM NOM	eng	eng
help-seeker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
armament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commandment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moline	PM NOM	eng	eng
neutralize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
counterweight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
webpage	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
obtaining	VB ING	eng	eng
pens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
comrade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impresses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
prone	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
agenda-setting	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prey	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ego	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concensus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
take-away	NN	eng	eng
mcfee	PM NOM	eng	eng
frequently	AB	eng	eng
changes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deconstructions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
upbeat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consigned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
johnstone's	PM GEN	eng	eng
carbondale's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shepherds	PM GEN	eng	eng
freeloaders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nominated	JJ POS	eng	eng
waterwörld	PM NOM	eng	eng
hailing	VB ING	eng	eng
mouths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
smithson	PM NOM	eng	eng
imprints	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rorty	PM NOM	eng	eng
currents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
child	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
debts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allan	PM NOM	eng	eng
querrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
corrosive	JJ POS	eng	eng
zoobabies	PM NOM	eng	eng
inaugural	JJ POS	eng	eng
refraining	VB ING	eng	eng
adornments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phonology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
complicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
skywire	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
singly	JJ POS	eng	eng
invalley	PM NOM	eng	eng
par	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incapacities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
arleen	PM NOM	eng	eng
underserved	JJ	eng	eng
specifying	VB ING	eng	eng
slooow	JJ POS	eng	eng
gazing	VB ING	eng	eng
menaghan	PM NOM	eng	eng
easterly	PM NOM	eng	eng
coastline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appeasing	VB ING	eng	eng
dimensionally	AB	eng	eng
goodpoint	PM NOM	eng	eng
ashlee	PM NOM	eng	eng
covertly	AB	eng	eng
tupac	PM NOM	eng	eng
geriacare	PM NOM	eng	eng
incredible	JJ POS	eng	eng
abounded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
enrollments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
native	JJ POS	eng	eng
reveals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
brittle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
performative	JJ POS	eng	eng
ethnics	NN	eng	eng
mirror	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fincham	PM NOM	eng	eng
blonde	JJ POS	eng	eng
membrane	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wingin	VB	eng	eng
medtech	PM NOM	eng	eng
valleys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mabels	PM GEN	eng	eng
politicalsystem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subliminally	AB	eng	eng
decay	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
brandscape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dweller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incestuously	AB	eng	eng
psychosocially	AB	eng	eng
hersley	PM NOM	eng	eng
wholesale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subsisting	VB ING	eng	eng
gender-related	JJ	eng	eng
organising	VB ING	eng	eng
pope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multi-disciplinarity	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-actualizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
african-american	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paralysed	VB PAP	eng	eng
organically	AB	eng	eng
voize	PM NOM	eng	eng
mackinnon	PM NOM	eng	eng
reuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
broadwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
curries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
topped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ally	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gaines	PM NOM	eng	eng
faraway	PM NOM	eng	eng
helped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nearly	AB	eng	eng
boobs	NN PLU	eng	eng
categorise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
woodman	PM NOM	eng	eng
impediments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
read	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kehoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
calamity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
triggering	VB ING	eng	eng
rectors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
1940s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hewlett's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mistrust	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deadlock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discriminant	NN	eng	eng
firelight	PM NOM	eng	eng
restlessly	AB	eng	eng
blow	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sanghas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ill-health	JJ POS	eng	eng
crawfish	NN	eng	eng
millions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
copying	VB ING	eng	eng
ulimit	NN	eng	eng
transformation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oates	PM NOM	eng	eng
hogue	PM NOM	eng	eng
minding	VB ING	eng	eng
banding	VB	eng	eng
chromecast	PM NOM	eng	eng
specialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thinks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
encourager	NN	eng	eng
instructions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mimetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'sullivan	PM NOM	eng	eng
hardtop	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
missionary	JJ POS	eng	eng
visualized	VB PAP	eng	eng
newyork	PM NOM	eng	eng
pressuring	VB ING	eng	eng
survives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
clarendon's	PM GEN	eng	eng
engenders	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
diversities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undermining	VB ING	eng	eng
unfolds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
oakshoots	PM NOM	eng	eng
subtlety	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dedicated	VB	eng	eng
exacerbating	VB ING	eng	eng
interim	JJ POS	eng	eng
constructivists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
signified	JJ POS	eng	eng
milford	PM NOM	eng	eng
navigated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
multiculturalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aldershot	PM NOM	eng	eng
impractical	JJ POS	eng	eng
incidents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chalke	PM NOM	eng	eng
instantly	AB	eng	eng
exercise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stanley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
theorizing	VB ING	eng	eng
underscores	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
botched	JJ	eng	eng
haved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wrappers	NN PLU	eng	eng
lobbying	VB ING	eng	eng
absolutist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dying	VB ING	eng	eng
whois	PM NOM	eng	eng
entertainment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smoother	JJ KOM	eng	eng
mcinnis	PM NOM	eng	eng
writs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
barred	JJ POS	eng	eng
grumpy	JJ	eng	eng
strips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pitlochry	PM NOM	eng	eng
undone	JJ POS	eng	eng
world-system	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hersey	PM NOM	eng	eng
liberalises	VB	eng	eng
orientated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wiener	JJ POS	eng	eng
chadbon	PM NOM	eng	eng
woven	VB PAP	eng	eng
terrestial	JJ POS	eng	eng
hairy	JJ	eng	eng
servility	NN	eng	eng
yearnings	NN PLU	eng	eng
exploded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
displeased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wallingford	PM NOM	eng	eng
swardson	PM NOM	eng	eng
despotic	JJ POS	eng	eng
watchdogs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cathedrals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prescient	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gave	VB PST	eng	eng
pennebakers	PM GEN	eng	eng
cut-off	NN	eng	eng
faecal	JJ	eng	eng
overuse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
selfridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
attested	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'regan	PM NOM	eng	eng
alerts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
employed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jonestown	PM NOM	eng	eng
dependability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
owens	PM NOM	eng	eng
interactionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mismatches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
optimizing	VB ING	eng	eng
moots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dynamism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immigrant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
depoliticimtion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pastor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitmans	PM GEN	eng	eng
refund	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
arouses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
leatherby	PM NOM	eng	eng
theoreticallies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
misinformation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oink	PM NOM	eng	eng
emanzipation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insanities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
servitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commanders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
medmenham	PM NOM	eng	eng
constancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
punishable	JJ POS	eng	eng
colonizers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
guilty	JJ POS	eng	eng
michalka	PM NOM	eng	eng
adapting	VB ING	eng	eng
truth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vinegar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theory's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
photographing	VB	eng	eng
whisks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychology's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
coleman	PM NOM	eng	eng
rainfall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
status	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clinebell	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-recorders	NN	eng	eng
seamlessly	AB	eng	eng
podcast	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
recommend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
traitor	PM NOM	eng	eng
synch	NN	eng	eng
peruvian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foreheads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
seafood	NN	eng	eng
extradition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
logicians	NN PLU	eng	eng
gendercide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dewayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
memos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transmission	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
constable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goodys	PM GEN	eng	eng
soften	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mends	VB	eng	eng
jossey-bass	PM NOM	eng	eng
salute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
decommissioning	VB	eng	eng
disappear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
shanley	PM NOM	eng	eng
correlated	JJ POS	eng	eng
extremisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goodbye	IN	eng	eng
authorisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
invasion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tack	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
captivating	JJ	eng	eng
altered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
developer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hardhead	PM NOM	eng	eng
stacey	PM NOM	eng	eng
suspiciously	AB	eng	eng
trevarthen	PM NOM	eng	eng
unconstitutionally	AB	eng	eng
teardrops	NN	eng	eng
psychoeducational	JJ POS	eng	eng
snowdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
re-election	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inked	JJ	eng	eng
supply-side	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scotty	PM NOM	eng	eng
genotype	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mallets	NN PLU	eng	eng
nils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preferred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
durham	PM NOM	eng	eng
mnemonist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faringham	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccallin	PM NOM	eng	eng
superswede	PM NOM	eng	eng
matters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgarry	PM NOM	eng	eng
hearsts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gray	JJ POS	eng	eng
whispered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
golden	JJ POS	eng	eng
prefixes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breakup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
third	RO	eng	eng
brash	PM NOM	eng	eng
emanated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
respondents	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
communicable	JJ POS	eng	eng
warmbiers	PM GEN	eng	eng
tax-venefits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overhead	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
traductions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
domestic	JJ POS	eng	eng
invulnerable	JJ POS	eng	eng
dowd	PM NOM	eng	eng
asylum-seeker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
statehood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
travels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
transgressively	AB	eng	eng
milligram	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oakeshott	PM NOM	eng	eng
all	JJ POS	eng	eng
paperboard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
animaniacs	PM NOM	eng	eng
stephenson	PM NOM	eng	eng
scarbrough	PM NOM	eng	eng
tailshakers	PM NOM	eng	eng
drug-free	JJ	eng	eng
congressmans	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
immerses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unsuspecting	JJ	eng	eng
publication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
twice	AB	eng	eng
elitisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
represses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quarantine	PM NOM	eng	eng
wanting	VB ING	eng	eng
displacing	VB ING	eng	eng
rainbird	NN	eng	eng
commentary	JJ POS	eng	eng
fallacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
snowling	PM NOM	eng	eng
heterosexually	AB	eng	eng
thirst	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lyla	PM NOM	eng	eng
saddles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
variations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
floatsam	PM NOM	eng	eng
heaney	PM NOM	eng	eng
externalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consumes	VB HSI	eng	eng
springing	VB ING	eng	eng
reprints	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
physiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
pasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
piper	NN	eng	eng
seek	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
womanhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
phrases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
categorically	AB	eng	eng
carlyle's	PM GEN	eng	eng
two-yearly	AB	eng	eng
existentialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lightnings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
manipulating	VB ING	eng	eng
picking	VB ING	eng	eng
vicious	JJ POS	eng	eng
questioning	VB ING	eng	eng
provocation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
frightened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
caudwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
ordination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
semantics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
howker	PM NOM	eng	eng
professional	JJ POS	eng	eng
schizophrenics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mansfield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
imaginarium	PM NOM	eng	eng
accompanying	VB ING	eng	eng
liminality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
testosterone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reimbursements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
epworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
smartly	AB	eng	eng
psychoactively	AB	eng	eng
precarious	JJ POS	eng	eng
sensation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cubic	JJ POS	eng	eng
ballrooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coys	PM NOM	eng	eng
successions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
constraining	VB ING	eng	eng
performance-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
traction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
icloud	PM NOM	eng	eng
cloth	NN	eng	eng
prospectively	AB	eng	eng
stoker	PM NOM	eng	eng
shams	PM GEN	eng	eng
communicare	PM NOM	eng	eng
kilometer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
middles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chastain	PM NOM	eng	eng
slowcraft	PM NOM	eng	eng
renwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
nationalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
baking	VB ING	eng	eng
sitters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shaws	PM NOM	eng	eng
angy	PM NOM	eng	eng
ambition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pardon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hysteric	JJ	eng	eng
skerritt	PM NOM	eng	eng
bumps	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
universalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wholes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
population's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
manly	PM NOM	eng	eng
overtaken	JJ POS	eng	eng
extinguishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
non-exercise	NN	eng	eng
argued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
locked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
innovations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vigilance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suffused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bodger	PM NOM	eng	eng
exempts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
floats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
duplicity	NN	eng	eng
sub-region	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ashton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
skating	VB ING	eng	eng
allwhois	PM NOM	eng	eng
admixture	NN	eng	eng
maxim	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attiring	VB ING	eng	eng
suitcase	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caudate	JJ POS	eng	eng
breezer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plantside	NN	eng	eng
silverstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
assumes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
participatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
mogwai	PM NOM	eng	eng
grame	PM NOM	eng	eng
debiting	VB ING	eng	eng
twenty-first-century	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corson	PM NOM	eng	eng
intellectuals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wand	NN	eng	eng
meditation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
australia	PM NOM	eng	eng
attacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
widiger	PM NOM	eng	eng
pale	JJ POS	eng	eng
crossbow	NN	eng	eng
consciously	AB	eng	eng
locales	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fetishes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
briefs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
assenting	VB ING	eng	eng
drinker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
remove	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
genessee	PM NOM	eng	eng
ascendancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
approved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shyly	AB	eng	eng
settled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
thorndike's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cloaks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pattinson	PM NOM	eng	eng
seventeenth	RO	eng	eng
recasting	VB ING	eng	eng
diver	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
symbolizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tigerfish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
audited	JJ POS	eng	eng
stables	PM NOM	eng	eng
tampines	PM NOM	eng	eng
communism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faintly	AB	eng	eng
couplers	NN	eng	eng
anchors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
behaved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cain	PM NOM	eng	eng
reflexivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stereo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weighting	VB ING	eng	eng
kinshipology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refereed	VB	eng	eng
coring	VB	eng	eng
attendee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hardworking	NN	eng	eng
nirvana	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
latter	JJ KOM	eng	eng
exposing	VB ING	eng	eng
mockery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consultancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burner	PM NOM	eng	eng
sensibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reliefs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
islington	PM NOM	eng	eng
hiring	VB ING	eng	eng
discredits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
understandings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grune's	PM GEN	eng	eng
verification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roommate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
firstclass	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proserpine	PM NOM	eng	eng
colonist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hinshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
pathways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
schoolmate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rushbrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
littlefingers	PM NOM	eng	eng
thalamic	JJ POS	eng	eng
monies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hugpower	PM NOM	eng	eng
complements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hickox	PM NOM	eng	eng
sugarlight	PM NOM	eng	eng
sets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hyman	PM NOM	eng	eng
pastiches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
patchwork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disunities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counsels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
summit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subtracted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
parish's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hitechbuilding	NN	eng	eng
atom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
endorsed	JJ POS	eng	eng
mobile	JJ POS	eng	eng
demoralized	JJ POS	eng	eng
magnified	JJ POS	eng	eng
jaws	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hadley	PM NOM	eng	eng
ragsdale's	PM GEN	eng	eng
carswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
polluter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grandsons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loudest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
divine	JJ POS	eng	eng
stinging	VB ING	eng	eng
eleven	RG	eng	eng
coincide	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reformism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fancily	AB	eng	eng
simultaneously	AB	eng	eng
yaws	NN	eng	eng
gibbons	PM NOM	eng	eng
shearin	PM NOM	eng	eng
beasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deaton	PM NOM	eng	eng
catledge	PM NOM	eng	eng
birch	PM NOM	eng	eng
march	PM NOM	eng	eng
enslavements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
archer	PM NOM	eng	eng
assimilative	JJ POS	eng	eng
behaviorisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shepherd	PM NOM	eng	eng
ever-present	JJ POS	eng	eng
homeworking	VB ING	eng	eng
moroccan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moscow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fleetwoods	PM GEN	eng	eng
tide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
technics	NN	eng	eng
self-confident	JJ POS	eng	eng
chozen	PM NOM	eng	eng
represented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chesley	PM NOM	eng	eng
onward	AB	eng	eng
healthier	JJ KOM	eng	eng
slow	JJ POS	eng	eng
armaments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
world-wide	JJ POS	eng	eng
manband	PM NOM	eng	eng
ducey	PM NOM	eng	eng
overt	JJ POS	eng	eng
philippines	PM NOM	eng	eng
parties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interrogation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cardioverter	NN	eng	eng
liberalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
crawled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
energetics	PM NOM	eng	eng
probes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undated	JJ POS	eng	eng
christmases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tonight	AB	eng	eng
disciplinarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
specialisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postural	JJ POS	eng	eng
conflate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
receiving	VB ING	eng	eng
overwhelming	JJ POS	eng	eng
waveform	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heartbreaker	NN	eng	eng
campaigner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
behavioural	JJ POS	eng	eng
bushman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
immobile	JJ POS	eng	eng
step-by-step	AB	eng	eng
beeput	PM NOM	eng	eng
landry's	PM GEN	eng	eng
soviets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
creaming	VB	eng	eng
baptisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chairpersons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
artley	PM NOM	eng	eng
mainstreaming	VB ING	eng	eng
needes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
equipping	VB ING	eng	eng
function	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
estates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monorail	JJ POS	eng	eng
tactically	AB	eng	eng
armchairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blanchett	PM NOM	eng	eng
low-carbohydrate	NN	eng	eng
compositionally	AB	eng	eng
mullion	PM NOM	eng	eng
drifted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
placebo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hopes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
addlife	PM NOM	eng	eng
taxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reenchantments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pretences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bloopers	NN	eng	eng
internalisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
summerhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
projectively	AB	eng	eng
hearts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
massachusetts	PM NOM	eng	eng
incorporating	VB ING	eng	eng
jaz	PM NOM	eng	eng
well-founded	JJ POS	eng	eng
mint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swansong	PM NOM	eng	eng
periscope	NN	eng	eng
solarz	PM NOM	eng	eng
build	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
melbourne	PM NOM	eng	eng
effectively	AB	eng	eng
right	JJ POS	eng	eng
lexicons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mentalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
revives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
angier	PM NOM	eng	eng
exemplary	JJ POS	eng	eng
correlatively	AB	eng	eng
pageid	NN	eng	eng
collectibles	NN	eng	eng
brownell	PM NOM	eng	eng
demons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grilled	JJ POS	eng	eng
hand-mode	NN	eng	eng
show's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
woke	VB PST	eng	eng
transportations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insecurely	AB	eng	eng
egoism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dump	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
duncan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
internships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paperbacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paige	PM NOM	eng	eng
eyewitnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
givens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
absolutism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jefford	PM NOM	eng	eng
neglects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mid-1970s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scatter	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
industrial	JJ POS	eng	eng
voted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lemmy	PM NOM	eng	eng
rattray	PM NOM	eng	eng
kate's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inertly	AB	eng	eng
juice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embracing	VB ING	eng	eng
receipt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
superhumans	NN PLU	eng	eng
violated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tattoos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ostlere	PM NOM	eng	eng
simplisticly	AB	eng	eng
langridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
discredited	JJ POS	eng	eng
pitfalls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
organisation's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
stunning	JJ POS	eng	eng
purged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bottoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edgcumbe	PM NOM	eng	eng
pickups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pathophysiology	NN	eng	eng
spoke	VB PST	eng	eng
market's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
conspiring	VB ING	eng	eng
ellingtons	PM GEN	eng	eng
engender	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pumpkins	NN PLU	eng	eng
administers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pituitary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instigating	VB ING	eng	eng
honoured	JJ POS	eng	eng
sale	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
end-state	NN	eng	eng
inspirationally	AB	eng	eng
valour	NN	eng	eng
ejaculation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-acceptance	NN	eng	eng
confided	VB	eng	eng
fanaticisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counteracts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
misperceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fasting	VB	eng	eng
enigma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
axiom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abstains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
replicable	JJ POS	eng	eng
endangered	JJ POS	eng	eng
northside	NN	eng	eng
swept	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
laptop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anaesthol	NN	eng	eng
minimalistic	JJ	eng	eng
pets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leed	PM NOM	eng	eng
middleman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hurd's	PM GEN	eng	eng
exercises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
selfhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agendered	JJ POS	eng	eng
vanilla	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incident	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wealthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
subtypes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outcast	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stabilise	VB	eng	eng
trembled	VB PRT	eng	eng
returning	VB ING	eng	eng
coolkindacrazed	PM NOM	eng	eng
netware	PM NOM	eng	eng
propositionally	AB	eng	eng
furry	JJ	eng	eng
copperhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
embedded	JJ POS	eng	eng
hallahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
hightened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chalange	NN spell	eng	eng
deepdish	PM NOM	eng	eng
inoculations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
birdsong	NN	eng	eng
cross-faculty	JJ POS	eng	eng
diverted	JJ POS	eng	eng
untraded	JJ POS	eng	eng
decadence	NN	eng	eng
watchdog	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bibliographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disclosure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
detrimentally	AB	eng	eng
numeracies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
post-modernity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yearning	VB ING	eng	eng
routines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elicit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hornbys	PM GEN	eng	eng
detective	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scissor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
farthing	PM NOM	eng	eng
plausibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counterargument	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amounted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
non-tariff	JJ POS	eng	eng
openoffice	PM NOM	eng	eng
ashford's	PM GEN	eng	eng
decorators	PM NOM	eng	eng
lessons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
simultaneities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
honeycutt	PM NOM	eng	eng
transferred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
flocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
valid	JJ POS	eng	eng
climbing	VB ING	eng	eng
orthodoxy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tetracyclines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keystone	NN -	eng	eng
linen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lisbons	PM GEN	eng	eng
femaleness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
alloway	PM NOM	eng	eng
spenser	PM NOM	eng	eng
calculuses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intimatation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
effortfully	AB	eng	eng
incarceration	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
coconut	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leakey	PM NOM	eng	eng
delivered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
staged	JJ POS	eng	eng
uninjured	JJ	eng	eng
diane's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dissociated	JJ POS	eng	eng
inadequacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
socialistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
richey	PM NOM	eng	eng
regressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
norse	JJ	eng	eng
paradox	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dictums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
membranes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yourself	PN	eng	eng
fells	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dizzle	PM NOM	eng	eng
slightest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
psychoticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
installation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sleepwalking	NN	eng	eng
countercultures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ferments	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
usual	JJ POS	eng	eng
inflated	JJ POS	eng	eng
anchorman	PM NOM	eng	eng
oversimplify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
formulas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bowels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
morley	PM NOM	eng	eng
assumptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distribute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
thatcherism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
editors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
integrative	JJ POS	eng	eng
upshot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rationalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
owed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
accomplish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
strategically	AB	eng	eng
box	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oglesby's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cross-nationally	AB	eng	eng
sturgeon	NN	eng	eng
mistrusts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
crook	PM NOM	eng	eng
dose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kinds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pete's	PM GEN	eng	eng
skillfully	AB	eng	eng
mythology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deadlocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ephemeral	JJ POS	eng	eng
innocuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
environmentalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
possessiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postscript	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vastly	AB	eng	eng
mccrary	PM NOM	eng	eng
expenses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
partnership	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
count	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
derogations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
agrees	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
e-countertransference	NN	eng	eng
moratorium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cancels	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
beam	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
helmet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phobics	NN PLU	eng	eng
joseph	PM NOM	eng	eng
ma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
normalises	VB	eng	eng
snapes	PM NOM	eng	eng
creepy	JJ	eng	eng
transplanted	JJ POS	eng	eng
bedrock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
targeting	VB ING	eng	eng
austro-hungarian	JJ POS	eng	eng
culminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stores	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
smell	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supra-national	JJ POS	eng	eng
spinning	VB ING	eng	eng
genotypes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chipping	PM NOM	eng	eng
goodwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
burnley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
neurology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dower's	PM GEN	eng	eng
queasy	JJ	eng	eng
kawhi	PM NOM	eng	eng
resist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
teardrop	NN	eng	eng
crips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
insufficiently	AB	eng	eng
eldrige	PM NOM	eng	eng
north-south	AB	eng	eng
generically	AB	eng	eng
stock-car	PM NOM	eng	eng
habituses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contractions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yolks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
willow	PM NOM	eng	eng
rationalisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gathered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
disrespectful	JJ POS	eng	eng
eworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
warmbier	PM NOM	eng	eng
constituent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
utilisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backgrounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
granger	PM NOM	eng	eng
overheads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cogens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tendency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
creswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
indexation	NN	eng	eng
high-intensity	NN	eng	eng
bassey	PM NOM	eng	eng
emblems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interpersonal	JJ POS	eng	eng
claudication	NN	eng	eng
immense	JJ POS	eng	eng
consumptionscapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
filling	VB ING	eng	eng
kernis	PM NOM	eng	eng
stalked	VB	eng	eng
ceded	VB PAP	eng	eng
mainly	AB	eng	eng
saige	PM NOM	eng	eng
earnestly	AB	eng	eng
cataloging	VB ING	eng	eng
executed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
entitlement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
likenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jacy	PM NOM	eng	eng
consultant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
annotated	JJ POS	eng	eng
thoughtless	JJ POS	eng	eng
explores	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
maclennan	PM NOM	eng	eng
gotosweden	PM NOM	eng	eng
electrician	NN	eng	eng
bar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stiff-man	NN	eng	eng
scrooge	PM NOM	eng	eng
starr's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inconstantly	AB	eng	eng
lipscombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
couples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crippled	JJ POS	eng	eng
caribbean	PM NOM	eng	eng
intracellularly	AB	eng	eng
educated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
offences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clearances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
unpopular	JJ POS	eng	eng
preoccupation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lidington	PM NOM	eng	eng
disputed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hughie	PM NOM	eng	eng
royalties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bloodlessly	AB	eng	eng
loathing	NN	eng	eng
outing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cover	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
confounded	JJ POS	eng	eng
earthling	NN	eng	eng
cuban's	PM GEN	eng	eng
represents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dynamisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
puddledancer	PM NOM	eng	eng
moments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teachers'college	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
zeal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reckless	JJ POS	eng	eng
irrelevance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
syrup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
86ers	NN	eng	eng
supposedly	AB	eng	eng
devotes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
supernaturally	AB	eng	eng
planting	VB ING	eng	eng
lot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
localities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biochemically	AB	eng	eng
scots	PM GEN	eng	eng
grant	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
inequity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reload	VB	eng	eng
indebtedness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wobbly	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canary	PM NOM	eng	eng
taker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compleat	JJ POS	eng	eng
infected	JJ	eng	eng
menopause	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
folds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
asks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
antipollution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forehead	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
electrostatic	JJ	eng	eng
jacket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
proudest	JJ	eng	eng
logician	NN	eng	eng
disequilibrium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
envoy	VB	eng	eng
sheens	PM GEN	eng	eng
anew	AB	eng	eng
different	JJ POS	eng	eng
nosocomial	JJ POS	eng	eng
hightower	PM NOM	eng	eng
activage	NN	eng	eng
sweated	VB PRT	eng	eng
maclaran	PM NOM	eng	eng
maguire's	PM GEN	eng	eng
gerontology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fallacious	JJ POS	eng	eng
rainfalls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neither	KN	eng	eng
salvations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
labute	PM NOM	eng	eng
robes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tabernacles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
punitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
country's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
milkman	PM NOM	eng	eng
invasions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plow	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
assimilating	VB ING	eng	eng
wayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
yo	IN	eng	eng
annoy	VB	eng	eng
cheney's	PM GEN	eng	eng
rattlesnake	NN	eng	eng
handle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
offenses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inflammation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
laundries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trailer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gravity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adopters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-exploration	NN	eng	eng
steamy	JJ	eng	eng
badham	PM NOM	eng	eng
caller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uniformity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
late	JJ POS	eng	eng
winning	VB ING	eng	eng
perinatal	JJ POS	eng	eng
subsumed	JJ POS	eng	eng
redesigns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
juices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fixture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suffrage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
introspective	JJ POS	eng	eng
sacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sudbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
meeke	PM NOM	eng	eng
ameliorates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ingledew	PM NOM	eng	eng
coolidge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cheetham	PM NOM	eng	eng
strain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
newbrough	PM NOM	eng	eng
camry	PM NOM	eng	eng
conversationally	AB	eng	eng
willsie	PM NOM	eng	eng
spokes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tightened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nineteeth	JJ POS	eng	eng
represent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
diluting	VB ING	eng	eng
cake	NN	eng	eng
maltreated	JJ POS	eng	eng
regionalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accenture	PM NOM	eng	eng
working-papers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-organizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neurophysiologically	AB	eng	eng
purchasing	VB ING	eng	eng
pennywise	PM NOM	eng	eng
euthanasia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diplomats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
qur'an	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conformation	NN	eng	eng
pan-european	JJ POS	eng	eng
stoughton	PM NOM	eng	eng
axioms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jrs	PM GEN	eng	eng
loggers	NN	eng	eng
differentiations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
governs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
parable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ravenswood	PM NOM	eng	eng
anemias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
universally	AB	eng	eng
intricacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
xray	NN	eng	eng
salvation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insitutional	JJ POS	eng	eng
scrape	VB	eng	eng
suiting	VB	eng	eng
brownsburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
transhistorical	JJ	eng	eng
equalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pennsylvania	PM NOM	eng	eng
listings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hattersley	PM NOM	eng	eng
hermiones	PM GEN	eng	eng
missouri's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sequentially	AB	eng	eng
commerce	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enduring	VB ING	eng	eng
soothed	VB	eng	eng
rarities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scholars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pollution-control	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
garlic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
workmates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tympanic	JJ	eng	eng
elapses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
compounded	VB PAP	eng	eng
flock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
linens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
verging	VB ING	eng	eng
vividly	AB	eng	eng
presence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
physiotherapy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proclamation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
broadest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
walk	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sharpbenders	PM NOM	eng	eng
metaphor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
right-minded	VB SUP AKT	eng	eng
coated	JJ POS	eng	eng
graysons	PM GEN	eng	eng
gorey	PM NOM	eng	eng
ink	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subgenious	NN	eng	eng
claires	PM GEN	eng	eng
newgate	PM NOM	eng	eng
rhetoric	JJ POS	eng	eng
assignments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bigotry	JJ POS	eng	eng
gastroenterology	NN	eng	eng
combe	PM NOM	eng	eng
disperses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
heather	PM NOM	eng	eng
sheldrake	PM NOM	eng	eng
encephalopathies	NN	eng	eng
stride	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
theagan	PM NOM	eng	eng
intimidating	JJ POS	eng	eng
tentacle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foreign	JJ POS	eng	eng
normalise	VB	eng	eng
empiricist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transsexuals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bore	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
essitys	PM GEN	eng	eng
minimized	VB PAP	eng	eng
clearance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prophecies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
herridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
post-colonial	JJ POS	eng	eng
poststructuralists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
idiosyncrasy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
safer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
accountacrats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
positioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
pregnantly	AB	eng	eng
bowel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcclesky	PM NOM	eng	eng
gauged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
limitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grocers	NN	eng	eng
myopathies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gerwig	PM NOM	eng	eng
bankrupt	JJ POS	eng	eng
simulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mraz	PM NOM	eng	eng
pringles	PM GEN	eng	eng
manufacturing	VB ING	eng	eng
son's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
boonsboro	PM NOM	eng	eng
lougheed	PM NOM	eng	eng
counts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cleverly	AB	eng	eng
mcclement	PM NOM	eng	eng
elusive	JJ POS	eng	eng
maverick	NN	eng	eng
dirtwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
agree	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
marine	PM NOM	eng	eng
gothams	PM GEN	eng	eng
origins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
holum's	PM GEN	eng	eng
elements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entrapment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rafting	VB ING	eng	eng
arrests	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
governmental	JJ POS	eng	eng
meagrely	AB	eng	eng
geraghty	PM NOM	eng	eng
outlier	NN	eng	eng
irreconcilable	JJ POS	eng	eng
smells	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
specimens	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prevalences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fabrications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
oxfordshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
snape	PM NOM	eng	eng
saucer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carringtons	PM GEN	eng	eng
midway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
minimalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shortages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
store	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tigner	PM NOM	eng	eng
commentator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carz	NN	eng	eng
self-definitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pertains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gatiss	PM NOM	eng	eng
ework	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foer	PM NOM	eng	eng
chewing	VB ING	eng	eng
cogen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
irish	PM NOM	eng	eng
congregation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
joce	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
pasqualino	PM NOM	eng	eng
disappointed	JJ POS	eng	eng
multinationals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lesbians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chipstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
powerfly	PM NOM	eng	eng
southland	PM NOM	eng	eng
meant	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
alphabetically	AB	eng	eng
scrutinising	VB ING	eng	eng
brazile	PM NOM	eng	eng
translucently	AB	eng	eng
rehabilitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mantra	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
servants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whitfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
happily	AB	eng	eng
american	PM NOM	eng	eng
maryknoll	PM NOM	eng	eng
humane	JJ POS	eng	eng
forests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
governance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contaminated	JJ POS	eng	eng
turk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mentalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dementing	VB	eng	eng
finest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
cursed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nbc	ACR	eng	eng
trustbuddy	PM NOM	eng	eng
protest	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
shoveler	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tongue	NN	eng	eng
attract	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
diaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doctor's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
extraversion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reway	PM NOM	eng	eng
ridgeway	PM NOM	eng	eng
incapacitate	BV	eng	eng
middletown	PM NOM	eng	eng
comparatively	AB	eng	eng
acknowledge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sensitively	AB	eng	eng
in-depth	JJ POS	eng	eng
pans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waring	PM NOM	eng	eng
pharmacotherapies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gorton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dunmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
needle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assertive	JJ POS	eng	eng
inky	JJ	eng	eng
crossman	PM NOM	eng	eng
garrod	PM NOM	eng	eng
leveraging	VB ING	eng	eng
integrationist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lunch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
masson	PM NOM	eng	eng
demolished	JJ POS	eng	eng
cross-section	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bamforth	PM NOM	eng	eng
swaying	VB ING	eng	eng
incisive	JJ POS	eng	eng
room	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blockade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
syrups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modernized	VB PAP	eng	eng
aces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
streetdance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ethical	JJ POS	eng	eng
inroads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bbq	AB	eng	eng
mcfarland	PM NOM	eng	eng
circumscribed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
macro-level	JJ POS	eng	eng
outperform	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
expressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
covers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
inserted	JJ POS	eng	eng
pushing	VB ING	eng	eng
clubman	PM NOM	eng	eng
ellington	PM NOM	eng	eng
bloodgood	PM NOM	eng	eng
criticized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
headway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chapters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
announcement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clennon	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-servingly	AB	eng	eng
takers	NN	eng	eng
psychologization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exhilarating	VB ING	eng	eng
liaisons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
steroid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neets	NN	eng	eng
marshal	PM NOM	eng	eng
cry-baby	NN	eng	eng
speight	PM NOM	eng	eng
reformees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prostates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dealer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
links	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grants	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
summarized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
audiology	NN	eng	eng
self-report	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fertile	JJ POS	eng	eng
portable	JJ POS	eng	eng
sery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mason's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nothin	NN	eng	eng
detectives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
former	JJ KOM	eng	eng
huddersfield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sinn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coarsely	AB	eng	eng
permanently	AB	eng	eng
slave-owner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
restrain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
espouse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
teamwork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aussie	NN	eng	eng
buzzfeed	PM NOM	eng	eng
arthur's	PM GEN	eng	eng
evaluate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
arcs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
protect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
technicians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hyannis	PM NOM	eng	eng
wrightman	PM NOM	eng	eng
urinetown	PM NOM	eng	eng
standstills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dysentery	NN	eng	eng
heartbleed	PM NOM	eng	eng
tavener	PM NOM	eng	eng
waynes	PM GEN	eng	eng
internally	AB	eng	eng
pre-eminently	AB	eng	eng
hitting	VB ING	eng	eng
annoys	VB HSI	eng	eng
ascend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stabilises	VB	eng	eng
humiliations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
foxborough	PM NOM	eng	eng
lawyers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
simply	AB	eng	eng
celebreightr	PM NOM	eng	eng
mace	PM NOM	eng	eng
illustrious	NN	eng	eng
ways	AB	eng	eng
harmonization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scougal	PM NOM	eng	eng
birthday	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aircross	PM NOM	eng	eng
indiana	PM NOM	eng	eng
industrialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
veracity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concentric	PM NOM	eng	eng
adversarial	JJ POS	eng	eng
macneil	PM NOM	eng	eng
knowledge-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
secondary	JJ POS	eng	eng
african	JJ POS	eng	eng
confucianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcintosh	PM NOM	eng	eng
communicative	JJ POS	eng	eng
roselyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
ruminate	VB	eng	eng
fetish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indecently	AB	eng	eng
period	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychoneuroimmunology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sheila	PM NOM	eng	eng
spiderwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
webnews	NN PLU	eng	eng
creating	VB ING	eng	eng
illustrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yule	PM NOM	eng	eng
socialising	VB	eng	eng
censors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
has	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
candidly	AB	eng	eng
combating	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anaesthetist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
startling	JJ POS	eng	eng
slowest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
cottages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cloths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coyne	PM NOM	eng	eng
turnstile	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcdevitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
hyperactive	JJ POS	eng	eng
jacobin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nightly	AB	eng	eng
christian's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
quartet	NN	eng	eng
nonconformities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
considerable	JJ POS	eng	eng
relationships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unsafe	JJ POS	eng	eng
competencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
diameters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bending	VB ING	eng	eng
egleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
denunciations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carving	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boneless	JJ POS	eng	eng
goodly	AB	eng	eng
passed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
janie	PM NOM	eng	eng
unleash	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
antiracist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
borough	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deconstructively	AB	eng	eng
deterritorializations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wheelwright	PM NOM	eng	eng
invoices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
teams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
float	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
philantropy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
startup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
netclean	PM NOM	eng	eng
enforces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
scruples	NN PLU	eng	eng
paperback	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jaycox	PM NOM	eng	eng
kitteridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
loan	NN	eng	eng
landingpage	NN	eng	eng
reworked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cutbacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
damnation	NN	eng	eng
monkey	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
relight	VB	eng	eng
gently	AB	eng	eng
irby	PM NOM	eng	eng
hebblethwaite	PM NOM	eng	eng
courthouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
excellences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corruption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colonizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unhelpful	JJ POS	eng	eng
mail	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assesment	NN	eng	eng
aimed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bought	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
whole	JJ POS	eng	eng
ryde	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodward's	PM GEN	eng	eng
owls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uprightly	AB	eng	eng
assessor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loud	JJ POS	eng	eng
meade's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mentalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
isomorphisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
melbournes	PM GEN	eng	eng
gooderham	PM NOM	eng	eng
whitworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
progressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uterotrophic	JJ POS	eng	eng
maxims	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-care	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multiplexed	JJ	eng	eng
endemic	JJ POS	eng	eng
laurie	PM NOM	eng	eng
byrds	PM NOM	eng	eng
yeah	IN	eng	eng
antwone	PM NOM	eng	eng
inverted	JJ POS	eng	eng
axes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jakes	PM GEN	eng	eng
buyouts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allergies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dollars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multidisciplinary	JJ POS	eng	eng
prequel	JJ	eng	eng
cognitive-developmental	JJ POS	eng	eng
garden	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
armwrestling	NN	eng	eng
cloak	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-understandings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infanticide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chevy	PM NOM	eng	eng
tiring	VB ING	eng	eng
emancipatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
brief	JJ POS	eng	eng
emphasising	VB ING	eng	eng
o'quinn	PM NOM	eng	eng
striking	VB ING	eng	eng
reinforcements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
embarrassment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burgeoning	VB ING	eng	eng
collingwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
sent	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
maze	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
killed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
protein	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
packs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
per	PP	eng	eng
welfarism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multidimensionally	AB	eng	eng
student	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
divers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
utilized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
whitecaps	PM NOM	eng	eng
discontinue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interwoven	JJ POS	eng	eng
alleviating	VB ING	eng	eng
genitality	NN	eng	eng
intravenously	AB	eng	eng
mealtime	NN	eng	eng
silently	AB	eng	eng
warranter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
patchworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anti-racism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dispatch	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
utopianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attempters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transferable	JJ POS	eng	eng
energetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
tackled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
knows	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
perabo	PM NOM	eng	eng
beverlys	PM GEN	eng	eng
nun	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coldstream	PM NOM	eng	eng
hilburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
swedeye	PM NOM	eng	eng
dispensing	VB ING	eng	eng
woodcocks	PM NOM	eng	eng
infuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deinstitutionalization	NN	eng	eng
outflow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imbuing	VB ING	eng	eng
indicatively	AB	eng	eng
rehearsed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sodas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dependable	JJ POS	eng	eng
radical	JJ POS	eng	eng
micro-macro	JJ POS	eng	eng
graduations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deadpool	PM NOM	eng	eng
nucleus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intergrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
equestrians	NN	eng	eng
schemes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spur	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
family-based	JJ	eng	eng
highlighting	VB ING	eng	eng
healer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
integral	JJ POS	eng	eng
residuals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revolutionizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
libraries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
itemise	VB	eng	eng
neatness	NN	eng	eng
fended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bulky	JJ POS	eng	eng
salter	PM NOM	eng	eng
fleetwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
characterized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
megadeth	PM NOM	eng	eng
post-therapy	NN	eng	eng
mckay	PM NOM	eng	eng
conventions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chaired	JJ POS	eng	eng
labeled	JJ POS	eng	eng
bullitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
hegemonies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
qualifying	VB ING	eng	eng
kilobinary	NN	eng	eng
mantle	PM NOM	eng	eng
affirmed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wooding	PM NOM	eng	eng
restoring	VB ING	eng	eng
sleeper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
communisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
badwill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stopping	VB ING	eng	eng
buggles	PM NOM	eng	eng
arlene	PM NOM	eng	eng
lifeless	JJ POS	eng	eng
respects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
candance	PM NOM	eng	eng
remedying	VB	eng	eng
corbyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
ejaculate	VB	eng	eng
populating	VB ING	eng	eng
symbolize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hide	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
seapower	PM NOM	eng	eng
usury	JJ	eng	eng
lanfair	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcgraw-hill	PM NOM	eng	eng
entrepreneurships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
osage	PM NOM	eng	eng
bilateral	JJ POS	eng	eng
beast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ethnomethodology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
studios	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ebb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
terrains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boycott	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discretion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plato	PM NOM	eng	eng
privatised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
feat	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unconfined	JJ	eng	eng
australias	PM GEN	eng	eng
cowles	PM NOM	eng	eng
segmentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confronting	VB ING	eng	eng
darkane	PM NOM	eng	eng
timbers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gurus	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acumen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quirke	PM NOM	eng	eng
suttie	PM NOM	eng	eng
lifeskills	NN	eng	eng
allowing	VB ING	eng	eng
pelicans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contestant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
listfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonreactive	JJ POS	eng	eng
cornered	VB	eng	eng
maria	PM NOM	eng	eng
coping	VB ING	eng	eng
traceable	JJ POS	eng	eng
temperatures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
predates	VB ING	eng	eng
ahistorically	AB	eng	eng
undetected	JJ POS	eng	eng
presidential	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-destructive	JJ POS	eng	eng
intermodal	JJ POS	eng	eng
swarm	NN	eng	eng
networks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eighteen	RG NOM	eng	eng
cantors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hemispheres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
masticatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
deafer	JJ	eng	eng
climatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
probe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
oaths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
towns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
post-treatment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
activist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
code	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discredit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unless	KN	eng	eng
coercive	JJ POS	eng	eng
ratey	PM NOM	eng	eng
glaring	VB ING	eng	eng
preschooler	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
register	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
davy	PM NOM	eng	eng
interacting	VB ING	eng	eng
whichever	PN	eng	eng
opponents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thewho	PM NOM	eng	eng
exculpering	VB	eng	eng
pleasuring	VB	eng	eng
kilometers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
toleration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
affliction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hurriedly	AB	eng	eng
thoughtful	JJ POS	eng	eng
mits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
transsiberian	PM NOM	eng	eng
cosmopolitans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
healthily	AB	eng	eng
qualitative	JJ POS	eng	eng
ecclestone	PM NOM	eng	eng
clicking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sponsorship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unmaking	VB ING	eng	eng
ewles	PM NOM	eng	eng
sensations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uses	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
revocations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bypassing	VB ING	eng	eng
gait	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
propounded	VB PAP	eng	eng
blinded	VB PAP	eng	eng
bodycote	PM NOM	eng	eng
baptist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
molecularly	AB	eng	eng
devaluations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
charmingly	AB	eng	eng
wheeling	VB ING	eng	eng
globalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
liabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oanda	PM NOM	eng	eng
rankines	PM GEN	eng	eng
kicking	VB ING	eng	eng
neede	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
knowing-how	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
popreel	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
evanston's	PM GEN	eng	eng
human-computer	JJ POS	eng	eng
standardized	JJ POS	eng	eng
thematic	JJ POS	eng	eng
clerics	JJ POS	eng	eng
builds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mitigating	VB ING	eng	eng
demon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neptune	PM NOM	eng	eng
binds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
remedial	JJ POS	eng	eng
out-come	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
concisely	AB	eng	eng
gerald's	PM GEN	eng	eng
articleid	NN	eng	eng
disasters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heart	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-actualizing	VB ING	eng	eng
disposing	VB ING	eng	eng
peach	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
geartbreak	NN	eng	eng
improper	JJ POS	eng	eng
hypocrisies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hermaphrodites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carnap	PM NOM	eng	eng
paiges	PM GEN	eng	eng
stir	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
given	VB PAP	eng	eng
vigilances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
casino	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gerodontology	NN	eng	eng
salience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antiepileptic	JJ	eng	eng
ticket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bowl	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
crocodile	NN	eng	eng
miniatures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
breaks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
inchgower	PM NOM	eng	eng
thundering	VB	eng	eng
affectivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laddering	VB	eng	eng
beharie	PM NOM	eng	eng
comforted	JJ POS	eng	eng
octabrew	PM NOM	eng	eng
televisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revival	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scalise	PM NOM	eng	eng
cruikshank	PM NOM	eng	eng
explosions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cross-sectional	JJ POS	eng	eng
negro	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
propensities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woolfrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
foggs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
merchants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
redbush	PM NOM	eng	eng
pensioners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blindsight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nods	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rawcliffe	PM NOM	eng	eng
tape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
master's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
passively	AB	eng	eng
purposeful	JJ POS	eng	eng
bethesda	PM NOM	eng	eng
high-fat	NN	eng	eng
withdrawals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lengthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
broadchurch	PM NOM	eng	eng
stretch	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
refocus	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
desiring	VB ING	eng	eng
tingling	JJ	eng	eng
ensure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
perpetuate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
paxton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
silent	JJ POS	eng	eng
apologising	VB	eng	eng
powerful	JJ POS	eng	eng
carer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inc	PM NOM	eng	eng
physiologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intercept	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
learn	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
momentous	JJ POS	eng	eng
waiting	VB ING	eng	eng
postmodernity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
minces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
browsed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
xenophobic	JJ POS	eng	eng
mccrady	PM NOM	eng	eng
jetsam	PM NOM	eng	eng
outlets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
directory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
individuated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
refouler	NN UTR SIN DEF NOM freq:16	eng	eng
wunmi	PM NOM	eng	eng
wingman	NN	eng	eng
perceive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
blue-collar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
essences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
police	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cowells	PM GEN	eng	eng
vibrantly	AB	eng	eng
pamela	PM NOM	eng	eng
upper	PP	eng	eng
blowpoint	PM NOM	eng	eng
typhoid	NN	eng	eng
enemy's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
christians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
twirling	JJ	eng	eng
cesarean	JJ	eng	eng
mindmap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toolboxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sharply	AB	eng	eng
fairycon	PM NOM	eng	eng
holdaways	NN	eng	eng
enlargements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
treatement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
academicpublishers	PM NOM	eng	eng
accepted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
districts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clarifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
progressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pennsylvania's	PM GEN	eng	eng
calculation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
campaigns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pronunciations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
combatant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emanates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
arson	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
penis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overshoot	VB	eng	eng
kickin	JJ	eng	eng
obtainable	JJ POS	eng	eng
10-year	JJ POS	eng	eng
unexamined	JJ POS	eng	eng
teddies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vause	PM NOM	eng	eng
fatalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
autonomy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clifford	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-cutting	NN	eng	eng
anticorporation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loudly	AB	eng	eng
sagy	PM NOM	eng	eng
jazzes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
partial	JJ POS	eng	eng
mayweather	PM NOM	eng	eng
minimalising	VB	eng	eng
peripheral	JJ POS	eng	eng
marquee	NN	eng	eng
movers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
substudy	NN	eng	eng
acquire	VB	eng	eng
italian	PM NOM	eng	eng
life-event	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enlarge	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
typical	JJ POS	eng	eng
disappointing	VB ING	eng	eng
motoric	JJ	eng	eng
dalgliesh	PM NOM	eng	eng
hydration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maudsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
sensuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guins	PM GEN	eng	eng
unsafely	AB	eng	eng
militaristic	JJ POS	eng	eng
doublebottom	PM NOM	eng	eng
lessens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
terrified	JJ POS	eng	eng
traffickings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consumed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
erectile	JJ POS	eng	eng
psychologica	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vessels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acuities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raspberry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
iced	VB	eng	eng
raincoats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
very-low-calorie-diet	NN	eng	eng
unpleasant	JJ POS	eng	eng
rightfully	AB	eng	eng
proprioceptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
originate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
exploreds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
resiliently	AB	eng	eng
veneration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
resistible	JJ	eng	eng
initiator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
livestocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
smithwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
immersed	JJ POS	eng	eng
candid	JJ POS	eng	eng
russian	PM NOM	eng	eng
sketching	VB ING	eng	eng
leukocytes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
checklists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rowell	PM NOM	eng	eng
copcutt	PM NOM	eng	eng
foresaw	VB PST	eng	eng
thick	JJ POS	eng	eng
mobilizing	VB ING	eng	eng
hungering	VB	eng	eng
toddlers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plentifully	AB	eng	eng
good	JJ POS	eng	eng
coalhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
sided	JJ POS	eng	eng
bike	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trowel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
make	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
adolescent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
body-oriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
doubtfire	PM NOM	eng	eng
biochemistries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soundness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
administrators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
re-thinking	VB	eng	eng
co-ordinate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jeffree	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcalexander	PM NOM	eng	eng
name-napping	NN	eng	eng
shaves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mugford	PM NOM	eng	eng
jails	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
laureen	PM NOM	eng	eng
prejudices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
arks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tombs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paradoxically	AB	eng	eng
layers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gyngell	PM NOM	eng	eng
huddersfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
abortive	JJ POS	eng	eng
monk's	PM GEN	eng	eng
eosinophilic	JJ	eng	eng
overtime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stringent	JJ POS	eng	eng
abigails	PM GEN	eng	eng
raised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
manufactured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
speare	PM NOM	eng	eng
associative	JJ POS	eng	eng
chorlton	PM NOM	eng	eng
kaley	PM NOM	eng	eng
accusing	VB ING	eng	eng
haywood	PM NOM	eng	eng
redeem	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fitzpatrick's	PM GEN	eng	eng
proline	PM NOM	eng	eng
bloody	JJ POS	eng	eng
madman	NN	eng	eng
shadoff	PM NOM	eng	eng
roads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
singularity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treatment-related	JJ	eng	eng
australia's	PM GEN	eng	eng
rane	PM NOM	eng	eng
thorndike	PM NOM	eng	eng
mockingbird	PM NOM	eng	eng
singled	JJ POS	eng	eng
drood	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethnocentrism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fixation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
drop	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
armed	JJ	eng	eng
operational	JJ POS	eng	eng
misinterpretation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
energetically	AB	eng	eng
gouldsbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
rehearses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
clarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
epitomes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suddenness	NN	eng	eng
pagan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
one-sidedly	AB	eng	eng
dendrites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
semiconductor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
selected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
singularly	AB	eng	eng
hare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
devalue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
anaesthetics	NN	eng	eng
mulcahy	PM NOM	eng	eng
durst	PM NOM	eng	eng
computer-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
romney	PM NOM	eng	eng
survived	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
activating	VB ING	eng	eng
capita	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
beneficiary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acquaint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
snatching	VB ING	eng	eng
snowlodge	PM NOM	eng	eng
radios	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seagears	PM NOM	eng	eng
ministries	NN	eng	eng
entailed	JJ POS	eng	eng
everyday	AB	eng	eng
masturbate	VB	eng	eng
electoral	JJ POS	eng	eng
bonesteel	PM NOM	eng	eng
mordred	PM NOM	eng	eng
frameworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
training	VB ING	eng	eng
mackie	PM NOM	eng	eng
retired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chiswick	PM NOM	eng	eng
quadrant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rusting	VB	eng	eng
stemples	PM GEN	eng	eng
tory	PM NOM	eng	eng
foremanship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multilingual	JJ POS	eng	eng
unacknowledged	JJ POS	eng	eng
iphoto	PM NOM	eng	eng
secretive	JJ POS	eng	eng
prosho	PM NOM	eng	eng
seeded	VB PRT	eng	eng
pronoun	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
never-ending	VB ING	eng	eng
bradshaw's	PM GEN	eng	eng
libbey	PM NOM	eng	eng
piling	VB ING	eng	eng
mingle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
alienate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
adduced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ambassador	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ruthie	PM NOM	eng	eng
fighter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shuttleworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
acromegaly	NN	eng	eng
hop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blayre	PM NOM	eng	eng
tax	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
charters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eight-year	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
explodes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bathed	VB PRT	eng	eng
mccord's	PM GEN	eng	eng
homeostasis	NN SI NOM	eng	eng
disciplines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greenspoon	NN	eng	eng
untrained	JJ POS	eng	eng
psalm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plummer's	PM GEN	eng	eng
demises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pronounces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
joke	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kruise	PM NOM	eng	eng
appeal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
number	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cherry	PM NOM	eng	eng
unfitted	PP 	eng	eng
dimorphisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exemption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hollidaysburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
dramatization	NN	eng	eng
boomer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
up	AB	eng	eng
container	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
objectivism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theatrical	JJ POS	eng	eng
mens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yoke	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
competitiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
robinsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
luscious	JJ	eng	eng
relaunches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
diacritics	NN	eng	eng
luxuries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moonbeam	PM NOM	eng	eng
populist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dismantled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mansfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
post-fordist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
three-dimensionally	AB	eng	eng
leasing	VB ING	eng	eng
rayburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
7th	JJ POS	eng	eng
simulacrum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
departed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
discussion-leading	JJ POS	eng	eng
thurmeier	PM NOM	eng	eng
meagre	JJ POS	eng	eng
laney	PM NOM	eng	eng
cracking	VB ING	eng	eng
cumulative	JJ POS	eng	eng
clever	JJ POS	eng	eng
steele	PM NOM	eng	eng
slaters	PM NOM	eng	eng
vacancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
calculates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
1980s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
petty	PM NOM	eng	eng
frying	VB ING	eng	eng
reappraisal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
realisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rhythms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
redressing	VB ING	eng	eng
topographical	JJ POS	eng	eng
instituting	VB ING	eng	eng
fourty	RG NOM	eng	eng
computationally	AB	eng	eng
youngberg	PM NOM	eng	eng
presupposes	VB HSI	eng	eng
commitment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
factsheet	NN	eng	eng
incompletely	AB	eng	eng
literacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cantle	PM NOM	eng	eng
king	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oracle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surveys	NN	eng	eng
stimulant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meaningful	JJ POS	eng	eng
branded	JJ POS	eng	eng
parkes	PM NOM	eng	eng
agendas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
memorials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mind-minded	JJ	eng	eng
virtually	AB	eng	eng
chaining	VB ING	eng	eng
foxfire	PM NOM	eng	eng
denounce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
indoor	JJ POS	eng	eng
hackney	PM NOM	eng	eng
coaster	NN	eng	eng
mode	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carob	NN	eng	eng
ingredients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anxieties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
finalizing	VB	eng	eng
insecurities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uncritical	JJ POS	eng	eng
mullooly	PM NOM	eng	eng
allegories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
generate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
standardizing	VB ING	eng	eng
overlaying	VB ING	eng	eng
bytheway	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccubbins	PM NOM	eng	eng
burris	PM NOM	eng	eng
density	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
giants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enlisted	JJ POS	eng	eng
nicomachean	JJ POS	eng	eng
imperialists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
punishing	VB ING	eng	eng
multiparty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seldom	AB	eng	eng
attorneys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impacts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
generosity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
problemized	JJ POS	eng	eng
rewrite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
secularization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
humiliatingly	AB	eng	eng
processual	JJ POS	eng	eng
examined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
storeds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
burned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sandie	PM NOM	eng	eng
canoes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
special-educators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
appreciated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
over-conforming	VB ING	eng	eng
stereotyping	VB ING	eng	eng
judgements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ronans	PM NOM	eng	eng
pilger	PM NOM	eng	eng
detriments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
encroachments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outta	PP	eng	eng
cohered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
diffused	JJ POS	eng	eng
geocities	NN	eng	eng
according	VB ING	eng	eng
stearns	PM NOM	eng	eng
tomorrow	AB	eng	eng
insults	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lipscombe's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sourced	JJ POS	eng	eng
commercialized	JJ POS	eng	eng
caribbean's	PM GEN	eng	eng
redundancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incompetently	AB	eng	eng
encyclopaedia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
officially	AB	eng	eng
outcries	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
clown	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defeating	VB ING	eng	eng
slab	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
vacuums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ached	VB PRT	eng	eng
crafters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gershon	PM NOM	eng	eng
barth	PM NOM	eng	eng
cottin	PM NOM	eng	eng
hymes	PM NOM	eng	eng
utilisers	NN PLU	eng	eng
thinking-of-the-other	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
horman	PM NOM	eng	eng
pearl	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grimmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-critically	AB	eng	eng
smalltalk	PM NOM	eng	eng
absolute	JJ POS	eng	eng
units	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
three-month	NN	eng	eng
trays	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nigella	PM NOM	eng	eng
equivalent	JJ POS	eng	eng
hobbes	PM NOM	eng	eng
puzzle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accumulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lately	AB	eng	eng
eric	PM NOM	eng	eng
northampt	AB	eng	eng
fancies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
compassionate	JJ POS	eng	eng
turkish	JJ POS	eng	eng
sub-national	JJ POS	eng	eng
boxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dare	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
bundled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
truism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whistle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
multiword	NN	eng	eng
timeshare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proprietary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
huston	PM NOM	eng	eng
plastering	VB	eng	eng
luisiana	PM NOM	eng	eng
roadwork	NN	eng	eng
footlight	PM NOM	eng	eng
inglewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
dealye	PM NOM	eng	eng
faithfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
safeman	PM NOM	eng	eng
one-party	JJ POS	eng	eng
nothing	PN	eng	eng
person-centered	JJ POS	eng	eng
craving	VB ING	eng	eng
alyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
lineage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
influxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pilgrimages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sanctuaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
forsythe	PM NOM	eng	eng
ecosystems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kirkpatrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
watercourses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
humiliated	JJ POS	eng	eng
archetypal	JJ POS	eng	eng
brodie	PM NOM	eng	eng
lexis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subscribing	VB ING	eng	eng
middlemen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goodge	PM NOM	eng	eng
inhabited	JJ POS	eng	eng
rotherhithe	PM NOM	eng	eng
laboring	VB ING	eng	eng
westlake	PM NOM	eng	eng
basically	AB	eng	eng
christopher	PM NOM	eng	eng
champaign	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rainwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
deflected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
washing	VB ING	eng	eng
hackett	PM NOM	eng	eng
boyculture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
guerrilla	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grooveshark	PM NOM	eng	eng
similar	AB	eng	eng
woodlands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retinopathy	NN	eng	eng
tenacity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
miraculous	JJ POS	eng	eng
popularized	JJ POS	eng	eng
unfit	JJ POS	eng	eng
contenders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
australian	JJ POS	eng	eng
remakes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
decatenation	NN	eng	eng
astley	PM NOM	eng	eng
alternatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
formerly	AB	eng	eng
uroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
emotion-focused	JJ	eng	eng
coarse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feelings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
belted	VB	eng	eng
clearfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
entries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
financed	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcdonough	PM NOM	eng	eng
gesturing	NN	eng	eng
disdain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
editorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
disconnection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arousability	NN	eng	eng
first-past-the-post	AB	eng	eng
discriminatively	AB	eng	eng
well-behaved	JJ	eng	eng
frankly	AB	eng	eng
plates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hesitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plural	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preschools	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
encompass	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
anthropomorphic	JJ POS	eng	eng
meritoriously	AB	eng	eng
sunlight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
starbreeze	PM NOM	eng	eng
caving	VB	eng	eng
immediacies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
explain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcconnaughy	PM NOM	eng	eng
payment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stonehenge	PM NOM	eng	eng
buckingham	PM NOM	eng	eng
locally	AB	eng	eng
phylicia	PM NOM	eng	eng
drumstick	NN	eng	eng
entertainers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prostitutes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retain	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
guindon	PM NOM	eng	eng
centralized	JJ POS	eng	eng
goldwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
contentious	JJ POS	eng	eng
rowntree	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-injurious	NN	eng	eng
barnsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
fran	PM NOM	eng	eng
pence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shoppings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whos	PM NOM	eng	eng
arched	VB	eng	eng
addicted	JJ POS	eng	eng
legislating	VB ING	eng	eng
cokes	PM GEN	eng	eng
stockman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
minimizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ambitious	JJ POS	eng	eng
arcuate	JJ	eng	eng
continence	NN	eng	eng
nonmedicated	JJ POS	eng	eng
tool	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
careseeking	JJ POS	eng	eng
timings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frontal	JJ POS	eng	eng
snowmaggedon	PM NOM	eng	eng
gillborn	PM NOM	eng	eng
adolescense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
franchises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
standardised	JJ POS	eng	eng
greed	PM NOM	eng	eng
proofdoor	PM NOM	eng	eng
eustace	PM NOM	eng	eng
public-sector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kitwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
hinkley	PM NOM	eng	eng
impulses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tedrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
humanely	AB	eng	eng
grue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
presidential's	PM GEN	eng	eng
wipe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pierce	PM NOM	eng	eng
named	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
fads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgraws	PM GEN	eng	eng
prophylaxis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unaware	JJ POS	eng	eng
bradbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
flexicurity	NN	eng	eng
drilling	VB ING	eng	eng
futurniture	PM NOM	eng	eng
routing	VB ING	eng	eng
bierley	PM NOM	eng	eng
reframe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
irreversible	JJ POS	eng	eng
historicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proceeding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pubcare	PM NOM	eng	eng
aggressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
electromagnetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
designing	VB ING	eng	eng
fabricated	JJ POS	eng	eng
rascal	NN	eng	eng
skill	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dispersed	JJ POS	eng	eng
hikes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
worded	VB PAP	eng	eng
consolidates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
calves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
encapsulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
descriptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
domesticate	VB	eng	eng
mccay	PM NOM	eng	eng
sleigh	PM NOM	eng	eng
truncated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
amorphous	JJ POS	eng	eng
ebusiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compliment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skewed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gale	PM NOM	eng	eng
lutheranism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fiercer	JJ	eng	eng
pettys	PM GEN	eng	eng
envious	JJ POS	eng	eng
speedrun	NN	eng	eng
offends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
franchise	PM NOM	eng	eng
mystics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overlooked	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
killer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spreads	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
silenced	JJ POS	eng	eng
critchlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
fruitful	JJ POS	eng	eng
pathetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
macys	PM GEN	eng	eng
wire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kike	PM NOM	eng	eng
vast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
athenian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
juridical	JJ POS	eng	eng
privatizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fairchild	PM NOM	eng	eng
significantly	AB	eng	eng
today	AB	eng	eng
omnipotently	AB	eng	eng
sensuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
bookshare	PM NOM	eng	eng
theron	PM NOM	eng	eng
extracurricular	JJ POS	eng	eng
patents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
triple	AB	eng	eng
began	VB PST	eng	eng
bookmaking	NN	eng	eng
renewal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kidman	PM NOM	eng	eng
incorporated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pressfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
salted	JJ	eng	eng
blocking	VB ING	eng	eng
proletarian	JJ POS	eng	eng
disengaging	VB ING	eng	eng
storyteller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
noticeably	AB	eng	eng
healed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
margaret	PM NOM	eng	eng
orchestrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boundless	JJ POS	eng	eng
unverbalized	JJ	eng	eng
atwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
those	PN	eng	eng
marginalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detainee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
simplest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
canoe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accessing	VB ING	eng	eng
giant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
influx	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
headaches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
typologically	AB	eng	eng
conventionally	AB	eng	eng
maybin	PM NOM	eng	eng
rodwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
arisen	VB PAP	eng	eng
dual-task	NN	eng	eng
center-left	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clubland	PM NOM	eng	eng
ellington's	PM GEN	eng	eng
employment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clueless	JJ POS	eng	eng
vanquish	NN	eng	eng
faye	PM NOM	eng	eng
underpins	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
suggested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
advisor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elaborately	AB	eng	eng
bidirectional	JJ POS	eng	eng
reliance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
surrealists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contender	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
daytimes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
madolyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
primordially	AB	eng	eng
lead	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
declarative	JJ POS	eng	eng
wasteful	JJ POS	eng	eng
prosecutors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
containment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
myths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pieties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stacy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
visualise	VB	eng	eng
guerrillas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eyes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reminiscence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lakatos-light	JJ POS	eng	eng
sobbing	VB	eng	eng
draining	VB ING	eng	eng
curnock	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcaleese	PM NOM	eng	eng
pearls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kaine	PM NOM	eng	eng
ivory	NN	eng	eng
stead	PM NOM	eng	eng
globalisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
statutes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
equally	AB	eng	eng
glowork	PM NOM	eng	eng
clowns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cloward	PM NOM	eng	eng
there's	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
replaceable	JJ POS	eng	eng
godbey	PM NOM	eng	eng
vetoed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
derogatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
dowdney	PM NOM	eng	eng
powrie	PM NOM	eng	eng
recurrence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preschool	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
major's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
fairclough's	PM GEN	eng	eng
legacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recourse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
microscopes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cyberspaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
e-mail	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dennehy	PM NOM	eng	eng
gelotophobia	NN	eng	eng
millimetre	NN	eng	eng
editorials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
base	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shinbone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
signifie	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
intracranial	JJ	eng	eng
confidence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
succumbing	VB ING	eng	eng
featured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hemiplegics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
navigate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
raytheon	PM NOM	eng	eng
utilise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
exercised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sidewalks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broady	PM NOM	eng	eng
conducted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
intensify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
insurgency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
distorts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
drawing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
competences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slayton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
complications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pursuant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buttercreams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
structurally	AB	eng	eng
brathwaite	PM NOM	eng	eng
victimisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
posed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
facilitator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
action-oriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
ailments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multimodally	AB	eng	eng
greenhough	PM NOM	eng	eng
intercepted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
alcoholism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infotain	PM NOM	eng	eng
straightforwardly	AB	eng	eng
beautifully	AB	eng	eng
panty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wardhaugh	PM NOM	eng	eng
legitimises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
detriment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flees	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chilling	VB ING	eng	eng
judgement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apostolic	JJ POS	eng	eng
zone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitechapels	PM GEN	eng	eng
taught	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ecosystem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trumpets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woolfe	PM NOM	eng	eng
recite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
capitalises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
humpreys	PM NOM	eng	eng
maturity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcbride's	PM GEN	eng	eng
portray	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glocalized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
join	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
frontstage	NN	eng	eng
greencharge	PM NOM	eng	eng
previous	JJ POS	eng	eng
timeshares	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hypothetically	AB	eng	eng
howdy	IN	eng	eng
well-taught	JJ POS	eng	eng
meantime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adhocrac	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reassertion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ordonnance	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skeptical	JJ POS	eng	eng
ascpects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reinvent	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
advises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
convene	B	eng	eng
smalltalks	PM NOM	eng	eng
natriuretic	NN NEU SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
dedicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
pynchon	PM NOM	eng	eng
angrier	JJ	eng	eng
large-scale	JJ POS	eng	eng
jug	NN	eng	eng
industry's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
pygmies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stimulants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mystifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sunshines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
amply	AB	eng	eng
evacuated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
crashes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mutations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ophthalmology	NN	eng	eng
main	JJ POS	eng	eng
comings	NN	eng	eng
strategic	JJ	eng	eng
constraint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
animate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
interpreting	VB ING	eng	eng
farmiga	PM NOM	eng	eng
demarcation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
riddle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deems	B	eng	eng
mcmahon	PM NOM	eng	eng
minings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rythm	NN	eng	eng
pences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
reorientations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trinity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bomb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disproving	VB ING	eng	eng
expediting	VB ING	eng	eng
homosexually	AB	eng	eng
narrating	VB ING	eng	eng
ireland's	PM GEN	eng	eng
beachsoccer	NN	eng	eng
calculate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
frightful	JJ	eng	eng
processing	VB ING	eng	eng
hambletonian	PM NOM	eng	eng
gerontologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kitesurfing	NN	eng	eng
internalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
small	JJ POS	eng	eng
hatchley	PM NOM	eng	eng
restatement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contracted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tree	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dawn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carron	PM NOM	eng	eng
19th	JJ POS	eng	eng
coulthard	PM NOM	eng	eng
circulating	VB ING	eng	eng
okeefe	PM NOM	eng	eng
corwin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
anthropological	JJ POS	eng	eng
dismay	JJ POS	eng	eng
torode	PM NOM	eng	eng
edgecombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
mistreatments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
culminated	JJ POS	eng	eng
preface	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
regresses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
roaring	VB	eng	eng
engines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sample	NN	eng	eng
tearaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
coyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
patriots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
commuter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
skills	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
haves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
origination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sponsored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mad	JJ POS	eng	eng
bid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
showered	VB PRT	eng	eng
lest	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
canaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcdougal	PM NOM	eng	eng
allocating	VB ING	eng	eng
preferences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beg	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
postgraduate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ranking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
encompassed	JJ POS	eng	eng
litigation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swerocks	PM GEN	eng	eng
harpercollins	PM NOM	eng	eng
impossibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mohawk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
framework	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
freethem	PM NOM	eng	eng
nominate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chewie	PM NOM	eng	eng
break	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dividing	VB ING	eng	eng
easterlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
it's	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fellows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unaided	VB PAP	eng	eng
decoded	VB PAP	eng	eng
catchee	PM NOM	eng	eng
brightwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
bescord	PM NOM	eng	eng
revering	VB ING	eng	eng
wingait	PM NOM	eng	eng
bullies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
negros	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
catfish	NN	eng	eng
moment-by-moment	NN	eng	eng
hypoxic	JJ	eng	eng
wolves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
printing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
palely	AB	eng	eng
carers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
learns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wakes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
solitude	NN	eng	eng
occasional	JJ POS	eng	eng
mince	VB	eng	eng
obscurely	AB	eng	eng
nurtured	JJ POS	eng	eng
seller's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
newerly	PM NOM	eng	eng
containers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stepmother	NN	eng	eng
shiftless	JJ POS	eng	eng
feeble	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defaults	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exemptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crashers	NN	eng	eng
knocked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
carlyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
unobserver	PM NOM	eng	eng
wirelessly	AB	eng	eng
deaner	PM NOM	eng	eng
pronounce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
grids	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
deterrently	AB	eng	eng
ceirin	PM NOM	eng	eng
mainlines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
zooms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
charmers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maccormack	PM NOM	eng	eng
elevates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bray	PM NOM	eng	eng
babymakers	PM NOM	eng	eng
kuwait	PM NOM	eng	eng
cinematic	JJ POS	eng	eng
sentinel	NN	eng	eng
well-trained	JJ POS	eng	eng
rectifying	VB ING	eng	eng
joe	PM NOM	eng	eng
retreated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
modernisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stylish	JJ POS	eng	eng
eastnine	PM NOM	eng	eng
phonemic	JJ POS	eng	eng
energize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
psychohistory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chester	PM NOM	eng	eng
vomit	VB	eng	eng
rhythmic	JJ POS	eng	eng
cosway	PM NOM	eng	eng
binary	JJ POS	eng	eng
transplanting	VB ING	eng	eng
tautological	JJ POS	eng	eng
tenuously	AB	eng	eng
evidentially	AB	eng	eng
reamer	PM NOM	eng	eng
starve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
still-face	NN	eng	eng
arsons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prejudice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
this	PN	eng	eng
employ	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
attest	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mae	PM NOM	eng	eng
decolonization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
daves	PM GEN	eng	eng
bluebelle	PM NOM	eng	eng
prosthetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
advisers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reticent	JJ POS	eng	eng
sanity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mardles	PM NOM	eng	eng
nodding	VB ING	eng	eng
pictographs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fabulous	JJ POS	eng	eng
uprisings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
summarisations	NN PLU	eng	eng
german	PM NOM	eng	eng
shining	VB ING	eng	eng
refunded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
called	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
curtailing	VB ING	eng	eng
mover	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
codys	PM GEN	eng	eng
properties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extramarital	JJ POS	eng	eng
grandiosely	AB	eng	eng
softened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
putting	VB ING	eng	eng
actuality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thorndikes	PM GEN	eng	eng
ecopeace	PM NOM	eng	eng
gets	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
jeopardizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcgimsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
mulroy	PM NOM	eng	eng
findhorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
marijuana	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indulgently	AB	eng	eng
banshee	NN	eng	eng
salesperson	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ongoingly	AB	eng	eng
junkyard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
velvets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trilling	VB ING	eng	eng
handmaid's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
ohio's	PM GEN	eng	eng
beak	PM NOM	eng	eng
coleman's	PM GEN	eng	eng
inaction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meaningless	JJ POS	eng	eng
philosophers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
butterflies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cobie	PM NOM	eng	eng
throughput	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
involving	VB ING	eng	eng
ross-on-wye	PM NOM	eng	eng
fanatically	AB	eng	eng
oakmont	PM NOM	eng	eng
organisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jewelleries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
myopia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
please	IN	eng	eng
darwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
alcohol-dependent	JJ	eng	eng
hoaxes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instructively	AB	eng	eng
dunkirk	PM NOM	eng	eng
sworn	VB PAP	eng	eng
admiring	VB ING	eng	eng
readjusted	VB PRT	eng	eng
acquirers	NN PLU	eng	eng
steakhouse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dalglieshs	PM GEN	eng	eng
mufflin	PM NOM	eng	eng
dunn	PM NOM	eng	eng
coins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
starting-point	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chaucer	PM NOM	eng	eng
fleetwood's	PM GEN	eng	eng
caused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
baselines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blankly	AB	eng	eng
scandust	PM NOM	eng	eng
tentatively	AB	eng	eng
bushwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
goodnight	IN	eng	eng
tobacco	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mercies	NN PLU	eng	eng
injures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interpretive	JJ POS	eng	eng
poles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hollibaugh	PM NOM	eng	eng
sikh	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vehement	JJ POS	eng	eng
shave	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
likened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
layer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
takac	PM NOM	eng	eng
combatants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detracted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
astrophoto	PM NOM	eng	eng
mclaws	PM NOM	eng	eng
concern	NN	eng	eng
marketplace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suffice	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stayups	NN	eng	eng
maoist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burying	VB	eng	eng
booked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
barricade	NN	eng	eng
energy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oversized	JJ POS	eng	eng
checklist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leukocyte	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
space	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loaf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
atypicality	NN	eng	eng
lifts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
atherosclerosis	NN	eng	eng
arduously	AB	eng	eng
cocaine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cradles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
covay	PM NOM	eng	eng
abecedarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rationalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sensationally	AB	eng	eng
livestock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flavours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
patterns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
initiators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
validations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hair	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rebirths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
originates	VB HSI	eng	eng
stanley	PM NOM	eng	eng
glow	VB	eng	eng
calmness	JJ	eng	eng
dynawind	PM NOM	eng	eng
protective	JJ	eng	eng
gunpowder	NN	eng	eng
gavey	PM NOM	eng	eng
kindness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncontrollable	JJ POS	eng	eng
acclaims	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
perth	PM NOM	eng	eng
lovelocks	PM GEN	eng	eng
soiling	VB	eng	eng
remember	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
formed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
joyride	NN	eng	eng
sheri	PM NOM	eng	eng
mirrored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
themselves	PN	eng	eng
icebreaker	NN	eng	eng
abound	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
self-estimated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
radio	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neurobiology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cropsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
pensioner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brewery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
justify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
peekaboo	NN	eng	eng
destination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
barrier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
invariant	JJ POS	eng	eng
intransigences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unwitting	JJ POS	eng	eng
burton	PM NOM	eng	eng
tunnels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nonbeing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pagans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pro-active	JJ POS	eng	eng
registration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
explosion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deformed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
top	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
end-users	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concentrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chop	VB	eng	eng
enlight	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
slowly	AB	eng	eng
complies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ozark	PM NOM	eng	eng
joey	PM NOM	eng	eng
indulges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
festive	JJ POS	eng	eng
ganaches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tactic	JJ	eng	eng
meshes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hierarchy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dwarf	NN	eng	eng
untapped	JJ POS	eng	eng
grandeur	JJ POS	eng	eng
culpable	JJ POS	eng	eng
deleted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
atypically	AB	eng	eng
improvise	VB	eng	eng
optimization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
miniature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'melia	PM NOM	eng	eng
appleton	PM NOM	eng	eng
connewarre	PM NOM	eng	eng
congressmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kilbey	PM NOM	eng	eng
liquid	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cruelness	NN	eng	eng
bollwage	PM NOM	eng	eng
double-blind	JJ	eng	eng
teleology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crocodiles	NN	eng	eng
unfairnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
norwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
slate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psalms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hosted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
christian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inferentially	AB	eng	eng
histrionic	JJ	eng	eng
bourke	PM NOM	eng	eng
logo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mount	PM NOM	eng	eng
excitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quasi-permanent	JJ POS	eng	eng
reaffirms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
therapeutical	JJ POS	eng	eng
kerrigan	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcinturff	PM NOM	eng	eng
batty	JJ	eng	eng
divinely	AB	eng	eng
hewlett	PM NOM	eng	eng
transconjugants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trilogy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sheridans	PM GEN	eng	eng
attractive	JJ POS	eng	eng
non-democratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
hersley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
brainboogie	PM NOM	eng	eng
seaway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ready	JJ POS	eng	eng
gnostics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
feasting	VB	eng	eng
imprisonment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intercepts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
booktalk	NN	eng	eng
battering	VB ING	eng	eng
definition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gripped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
characteristic	JJ POS	eng	eng
promised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
assertiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pointless	JJ POS	eng	eng
subtractions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chromosomes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corley	PM NOM	eng	eng
cranial	JJ POS	eng	eng
philologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stormbringer	PM NOM	eng	eng
world-views	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
orientations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ashe	PM NOM	eng	eng
reductionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
telephone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
8th	JJ POS	eng	eng
sit-to-walk	NN	eng	eng
solaces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
summarises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
undertreatment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winefinder	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonverbal	JJ POS	eng	eng
principalship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fullan	PM NOM	eng	eng
accounts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disgusts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accuracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
republicans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
granites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
atmospheric	JJ POS	eng	eng
supports	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dollhouse	NN	eng	eng
thesis	NN SI NOM	eng	eng
embroiled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
afterload	NN	eng	eng
greenshaws	PM GEN	eng	eng
underpin	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
intertwined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
deterritorialization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
playfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oppositionally	AB	eng	eng
seabreeze	PM NOM	eng	eng
criticises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
individualizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
force-field	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
maggiesbest	PM NOM	eng	eng
jamison	PM NOM	eng	eng
gambling	VB ING	eng	eng
guyatt	PM NOM	eng	eng
fees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gloom	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
guild	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leapfrogging	NN	eng	eng
pervasively	AB	eng	eng
familiarities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
daredevils	PM NOM	eng	eng
teamworker	NN	eng	eng
leaflets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neoclassically	AB	eng	eng
scientific	JJ POS	eng	eng
tossed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
illegality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instructed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hobbyhorse	NN	eng	eng
formulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
forbid	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
maids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stabilized	VB PAP	eng	eng
pervade	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
disregarding	AB	eng	eng
buckard	PM NOM	eng	eng
cedes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hawkeye	PM NOM	eng	eng
buildup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
richer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
blackett	PM NOM	eng	eng
raysearchs	PM GEN	eng	eng
converts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
isserlis	PM NOM	eng	eng
discontinuance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heightening	VB ING	eng	eng
unlawfully	AB	eng	eng
farragher	PM NOM	eng	eng
role-plays	NN	eng	eng
equipments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kirk	PM NOM	eng	eng
southbroom	PM NOM	eng	eng
alarm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
storage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
electromyographic	JJ	eng	eng
multi-cultural	JJ POS	eng	eng
macbeath	PM NOM	eng	eng
contractants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
telluride	PM NOM	eng	eng
epistemological	JJ POS	eng	eng
quizzes	NN PLU	eng	eng
reproductions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
figs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
repressed	JJ POS	eng	eng
trotted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hole	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
squeezing	VB ING	eng	eng
near	JJ POS	eng	eng
waging	VB ING	eng	eng
sentiments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
physical	JJ POS	eng	eng
randomised	JJ POS	eng	eng
merlins	PM GEN	eng	eng
branches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
readly	PM NOM	eng	eng
astounding	JJ POS	eng	eng
boiling	VB ING	eng	eng
thirty	RG	eng	eng
white	PM NOM	eng	eng
connectivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
domestication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
militarism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
encapsulation	NN	eng	eng
discriminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anniversary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cumbernauld	PM NOM	eng	eng
colborne	PM NOM	eng	eng
hammersmith	PM NOM	eng	eng
interested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
aubyns	PM GEN	eng	eng
ariens	PM NOgM	eng	eng
reed	PM NOM	eng	eng
low-status	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcgeorge	PM NOM	eng	eng
margarets	PM GEN	eng	eng
sing	VB ING	eng	eng
save	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
batterham	PM NOM	eng	eng
virally	AB	eng	eng
quantified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
brookes	PM NOM	eng	eng
natively	AB	eng	eng
naive	JJ POS	eng	eng
storyboard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suppositions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hadn't	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
incidenses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stewner	PM NOM	eng	eng
brain-derived	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
benchmarks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hinduism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
easter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
customary	JJ POS	eng	eng
pairs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pietist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
petroleum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transnational	JJ POS	eng	eng
viewer's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
somewhat	AB	eng	eng
headache	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canfly	PM NOM	eng	eng
single-case	NN	eng	eng
covert	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swedisms	PM NOM	eng	eng
midwest	PM NOM	eng	eng
craighead	PM NOM	eng	eng
potencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
candyce	PM NOM	eng	eng
reframer	NN	eng	eng
detainees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unremitting	JJ POS	eng	eng
gender-specific	JJ POS	eng	eng
crudup	PM NOM	eng	eng
overlapped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
suitably	AB	eng	eng
padded	VB PRT	eng	eng
self-sufficiencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deceive	PM GEN	eng	eng
genderwise	AB	eng	eng
pastorally	AB	eng	eng
winging	VB	eng	eng
flatters	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
actualisation	NN	eng	eng
cirrhosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paley	PM NOM	eng	eng
believeinme	PM NOM	eng	eng
dianne	PM NOM	eng	eng
mutation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aldean	PM NOM	eng	eng
unconditionally	AB	eng	eng
sunshine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infringing	VB ING	eng	eng
minimum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lobes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
outskirts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rawer	JJ	eng	eng
optional	JJ POS	eng	eng
environmental	JJ POS	eng	eng
pawns	PM GEN	eng	eng
extensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
here	AB	eng	eng
steppes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unanimous	JJ POS	eng	eng
subjugate	VB	eng	eng
ladies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mydadsays	PM NOM	eng	eng
insight-oriented	JJ	eng	eng
mousehole	NN	eng	eng
futuristic	JJ POS	eng	eng
predicated	JJ POS	eng	eng
votes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sectarian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wandering	VB ING	eng	eng
revolts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
waitman	PM NOM	eng	eng
arabian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pluralist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
severer	JJ	eng	eng
tadpole	PM NOM	eng	eng
humility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
profile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dowie	PM NOM	eng	eng
leans	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
device	NN	eng	eng
groban	PM NOM	eng	eng
westaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
parent-infant	NN	eng	eng
memoires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hinshaw's	PM GEN	eng	eng
removable	JJ	eng	eng
workshop's	PM GEN	eng	eng
grey	JJ POS	eng	eng
nineties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dimension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hectic	JJ POS	eng	eng
mans	PM GEN	eng	eng
lamotrigine	NN	eng	eng
extrapolating	VB ING	eng	eng
morris	PM NOM	eng	eng
commuters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jagged	JJ	eng	eng
recognition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jerney	PM NOM	eng	eng
enacted	JJ POS	eng	eng
griefs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crouch's	PM GEN	eng	eng
enforced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
gallacher	PM NOM	eng	eng
stations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
canon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arithmetical	JJ	eng	eng
keech	PM NOM	eng	eng
rockettes	PM NOM	eng	eng
acculturated	JJ	eng	eng
abide	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
waterworld	PM NOM	eng	eng
justification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
demonstrating	VB ING	eng	eng
anytime	AB	eng	eng
pursuants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
correlations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
labanotation	NN	eng	eng
attenboroughs	PM NOM	eng	eng
loyalties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
martyrdom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
internationalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
billable	JJ	eng	eng
utilizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sidewalk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcsorley	PM NOM	eng	eng
nazis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abundances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conceals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
demeaning	VB ING	eng	eng
brame	PM NOM	eng	eng
signifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
navigates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
asexual	JJ POS	eng	eng
konecranes	PM NOM	eng	eng
snowmass	PM NOM	eng	eng
worm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
focused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
substances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dozen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imaginary	JJ POS	eng	eng
macksey	PM NOM	eng	eng
resilience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grocery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clowes	PM NOM	eng	eng
transmitters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
radioactively	AB	eng	eng
professionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweeping	VB ING	eng	eng
fibromyalgia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kagan	PM NOM	eng	eng
overpopulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
morphogenetic	JJ	eng	eng
genocidal	JJ POS	eng	eng
highdrive	NN	eng	eng
rectal	JJ	eng	eng
herbert	PM NOM	eng	eng
interestingly	AB	eng	eng
distracting	VB ING	eng	eng
diverticulitis	NN	eng	eng
deceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stealth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scrolling	VB ING	eng	eng
hybrids	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
funerals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
quiz	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inaccurate	JJ POS	eng	eng
congratulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contemplative	JJ POS	eng	eng
henry	PM NOM	eng	eng
pacing	VB ING	eng	eng
aileen	PM NOM	eng	eng
emergency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pardoned	VB PRT	eng	eng
misgivings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beside	PP	eng	eng
heywood	PM NOM	eng	eng
dedicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
steve	PM NOM	eng	eng
delegating	VB ING	eng	eng
starts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unassisted	VB PRT	eng	eng
representatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
behalfs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discerned	JJ POS	eng	eng
reinvents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
accommodations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knowing-that	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
6-month	NN	eng	eng
quasimarkets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adhocracs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anaesthesiology	NN	eng	eng
indicating	VB ING	eng	eng
whistler	PM NOM	eng	eng
retail	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
meantimes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crossfires	VB	eng	eng
neo-marxists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chizzy	PM NOM	eng	eng
prodigiously	AB	eng	eng
vocally	AB	eng	eng
installing	VB ING	eng	eng
swore	VB PRT	eng	eng
almanacs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gunfighter	NN	eng	eng
midst	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prioritising	VB ING	eng	eng
misogyny	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcgivney	PM NOM	eng	eng
sailors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reloaded	VB	eng	eng
stemmed	JJ POS	eng	eng
signalled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
burney	PM NOM	eng	eng
implementing	VB ING	eng	eng
whedon	PM NOM	eng	eng
bottling	VB	eng	eng
jungle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
embarassment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
entwined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
facts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infect	VB	eng	eng
energizes	VB HSI	eng	eng
erects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
follow-up	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extracting	VB ING	eng	eng
suicides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discriminate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
effeminacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eisley	PM NOM	eng	eng
e-up	PM NOM	eng	eng
uprising	NN	eng	eng
abolition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
charlock	PM NOM	eng	eng
choisis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scahill	PM NOM	eng	eng
gown	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
daughter-in-law	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accelerating	VB ING	eng	eng
gratified	VB	eng	eng
rugby	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
country	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incomes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
democratizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
oddity	NN	eng	eng
brownmiller	PM NOM	eng	eng
northwest	PM NOM	eng	eng
individualist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fatality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conflated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
advantages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
staton	PM NOM	eng	eng
synonym	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
co-ordination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
servicefinder	PM NOM	eng	eng
grrrl	NN	eng	eng
buckeridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
arguable	JJ POS	eng	eng
earth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
favor	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
noticed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reshape	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
anomalies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
howie	PM NOM	eng	eng
syndicats	NN PLU	eng	eng
founder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unfair	JJ POS	eng	eng
interference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pools	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distributors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colom	PM NOM	eng	eng
maguire	PM NOM	eng	eng
truman	PM NOM	eng	eng
inactions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preconceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pave	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
disposable	JJ POS	eng	eng
periodontal	JJ POS	eng	eng
toasts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nominates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
communal	JJ POS	eng	eng
beauties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gather	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
privatizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
protectionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hastily	AB	eng	eng
logs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tucking	VB ING	eng	eng
murtaugh	PM NOM	eng	eng
granger's	PM GEN	eng	eng
kinetics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
impressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
consisting	VB ING	eng	eng
expelled	JJ POS	eng	eng
verify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
smear	VB	eng	eng
staying	VB ING	eng	eng
part-times	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intensifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
playfully	AB	eng	eng
feathering	VB	eng	eng
volts	nN PLU	eng	eng
excesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grass-root	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revolutionizing	VB ING	eng	eng
overstates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
printings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plan	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
loveless	PM NOM	eng	eng
occupying	VB ING	eng	eng
legitimized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reyburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
payday	NN	eng	eng
downright	JJ POS	eng	eng
diana	PM NOM	eng	eng
role-played	VB	eng	eng
burnley	PM NOM	eng	eng
dancing	VB ING	eng	eng
hard-line	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ferguson	PM NOM	eng	eng
heedless	JJ	eng	eng
state's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
mummies	NN - - - NOM	eng	eng
resisted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
southern	JJ POS	eng	eng
patty	PM NOM	eng	eng
offsetting	VB	eng	eng
multi-party	JJ POS	eng	eng
lining	VB ING	eng	eng
twaddle	PM NOM	eng	eng
juniata	PM NOM	eng	eng
desolation	NN	eng	eng
usenet	PM NOM	eng	eng
refreshment	NN	eng	eng
ukip	PM NOM	eng	eng
engages	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
masks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
solitudes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pretreatment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arista	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paragraphing	VB	eng	eng
working-classes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drinkhall	PM NOM	eng	eng
likelihoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
photographed	JJ POS	eng	eng
reputedly	AB	eng	eng
conceptualize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
domain-specific	JJ POS	eng	eng
formulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
capitalized	JJ POS	eng	eng
swiss	JJ POS	eng	eng
paines	PM GEN	eng	eng
stratigraphy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unlearned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
coincided	VB PAP	eng	eng
taxed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hoped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
curtain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mainline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
turnbull's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mentors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hydraulic	JJ POS	eng	eng
liturgically	AB	eng	eng
appware	PM NOM	eng	eng
cusick	PM NOM	eng	eng
cure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
proactively	JJ POS	eng	eng
trawick	PM NOM	eng	eng
cautiously	AB	eng	eng
end-user	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
goodnow	PM NOM	eng	eng
comprehends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
well-beings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heroism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preposterously	AB	eng	eng
iteration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
modulating	VB ING	eng	eng
gundy	PM NOM	eng	eng
virgin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whittle	PM NOM	eng	eng
tonnes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fibes	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-improvement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bucknall	PM NOM	eng	eng
chalice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
westbrook's	PM GEN	eng	eng
blanchard's	PM GEN	eng	eng
untrustworthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
genisys	PM NOM	eng	eng
pray	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ponts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
staffers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doctrinally	AB	eng	eng
mexico's	PM GEN	eng	eng
amount	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warner	PM NOM	eng	eng
conscientious	JJ POS	eng	eng
assemblies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eddy	PM NOM	eng	eng
rudge	PM NOM	eng	eng
light	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-detection	NN	eng	eng
screw	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ashford	PM NOM	eng	eng
rainey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
whipped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
millilitres	NN PLU	eng	eng
collapsing	JJ POS	eng	eng
setback	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cautionary	JJ POS	eng	eng
subsumes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sawnwood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enabling	VB ING	eng	eng
spenser's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sheridan	PM NOM	eng	eng
portsmouth	PM NOM	eng	eng
advertisements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
upham	PM NOM	eng	eng
reaffirm	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
possible	JJ POS	eng	eng
vancouver's	PM GEN	eng	eng
suggestibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
congratulate	VB	eng	eng
immovable	JJ POS	eng	eng
iconographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
experimental	JJ POS	eng	eng
subfields	NN PLU	eng	eng
inclining	VB ING	eng	eng
manualized	JJ	eng	eng
bullington	PM NOM	eng	eng
lieutenants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gary	PM NOM	eng	eng
yorkshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
hawksworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
gormative	JJ POS	eng	eng
tactfully	AB	eng	eng
adverb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
widowhoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disentangle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
recruitments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lauderdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
lagging	VB ING	eng	eng
anthrax	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
queering	VB ING	eng	eng
pluralities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
horror	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
illuminate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
steamed	JJ POS	eng	eng
wily	PM NOM	eng	eng
canvas	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arbitration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unlucky	JJ	eng	eng
sturridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
disk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oglesby	PM NOM	eng	eng
useful	JJ POS	eng	eng
dehydrogenase	NN	eng	eng
corinthian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
army	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
generalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
jersey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
baseline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rebate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
scandusts	PM GEN	eng	eng
vernacular	JJ POS	eng	eng
depending	VB ING	eng	eng
peak	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decision-making	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crosfield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcsweeney	PM NOM	eng	eng
file-server	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
starch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
righteously	AB	eng	eng
stahl's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nailed	VB PRT	eng	eng
honour	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greenoak	PM NOM	eng	eng
triplicate	VB	eng	eng
taxable	JJ	eng	eng
transposed	JJ POS	eng	eng
externalisation	NN	eng	eng
eternally	AB	eng	eng
brightlingsea	PM NOM	eng	eng
comfortable	JJ POS	eng	eng
euphemism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emergences	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
diminishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
greenbridge	NN	eng	eng
recruit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disparate	JJ POS	eng	eng
profession's	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deliberative	JJ POS	eng	eng
subsections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rolling	VB ING	eng	eng
cheapest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
dissociation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sue-ellen	PM NOM	eng	eng
crest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
institutionalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mentally	AB	eng	eng
swecast	PM NOM	eng	eng
subcontinent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
townspeople	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legal	JJ POS	eng	eng
midrasher	NN	eng	eng
demonlover	NN	eng	eng
divert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
subclause	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greeted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fowkes	PM NOM	eng	eng
flames	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
10-year-old	JJ	eng	eng
denominators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dean's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pokers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nacrous	JJ	eng	eng
symbiosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loupe	PM NOM	eng	eng
briny	PM NOM	eng	eng
photoboy	PM NOM	eng	eng
elicited	JJ POS	eng	eng
zipup	PM NOM	eng	eng
remembers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
modeled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
contentment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lovelock	PM NOM	eng	eng
coordinator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
luckycharm	PM NOM	eng	eng
tupelo	PM NOM	eng	eng
echos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
productservices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
seem	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bureaucratic	JJ	eng	eng
relatively	AB	eng	eng
womack's	PM GEN	eng	eng
destiny	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cleave	PM NOM	eng	eng
courier	NN	eng	eng
georgeson	PM NOM	eng	eng
turn-about	NN	eng	eng
world's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
subjugation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wycherley	PM NOM	eng	eng
spindles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broline	PM NOM	eng	eng
erect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rattigan	PM NOM	eng	eng
zero	RG	eng	eng
marshal's	PM GEN	eng	eng
demonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
district	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
excess	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emergence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
campaign	NN	eng	eng
euphemisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
responsibly	AB	eng	eng
searchers	NN PLU	eng	eng
cheever	PM NOM	eng	eng
open-mindedly	AB	eng	eng
miscarriage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dashwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
lones	PM NOM	eng	eng
ease	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intangibles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rachel	PM NOM	eng	eng
nesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hayhoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
virginity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
congregated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
warcraft	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
figure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lewisville	PM NOM	eng	eng
johnstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
atkinson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
maynards	PM NOM	eng	eng
healey	PM NOM	eng	eng
explored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
observation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ascended	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
grrrls	NN	eng	eng
unreason	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
invariable	JJ POS	eng	eng
fissure	NN	eng	eng
silviculture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monarch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chrisley	PM NOM	eng	eng
highfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
ocean's	PM GEN	eng	eng
forthcoming	JJ POS	eng	eng
indiana's	PM GEN	eng	eng
retinas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
educates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fast-moving	JJ POS	eng	eng
legislative	JJ POS	eng	eng
hottest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
putnam's	PM GEN	eng	eng
neurophysiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
interrent	PM NOM	eng	eng
disputes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peasantries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
natural	JJ POS	eng	eng
litton	PM NOM	eng	eng
fragmented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
leach's	PM GEN	eng	eng
coldtown	PM NOM	eng	eng
manuscript	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discordant	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'conner	PM NOM	eng	eng
swemodule	PM NOM	eng	eng
scantrack	PM NOM	eng	eng
braveman	PM NOM	eng	eng
pike	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confidently	AB	eng	eng
substitute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
earths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
favors	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
touchdowns	NN	eng	eng
executes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
perversions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subclauses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conservatives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
austria	PM NOM	eng	eng
macey	PM NOM	eng	eng
authorized	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worst	JJ	eng	eng
carollee	PM NOM	eng	eng
subsequent	JJ POS	eng	eng
disorientations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
electrical	JJ	eng	eng
blushed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
institutionalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
word-of-mouth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hindering	VB ING	eng	eng
atwood's	PM GEN	eng	eng
huw's	PM GEN	eng	eng
undiminished	JJ	eng	eng
montages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tulsa	PM NOM	eng	eng
hollingworth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
azure	PM NOM	eng	eng
morton	PM NOM	eng	eng
toast	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
artclinic	PM NOM	eng	eng
thriving	JJ POS	eng	eng
protestants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mahoney	PM NOM	eng	eng
16th	JJ POS	eng	eng
sharone	PM NOM	eng	eng
testified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bethesdas	PM GEN	eng	eng
delimitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
onslow	PM NOM	eng	eng
organizationally	AB	eng	eng
hanging	VB ING	eng	eng
sachet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worship	NN	eng	eng
bureaucrat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
choi	PM NOM	eng	eng
wakerly	PM NOM	eng	eng
preservations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resignations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chemotherapy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
horrific	JJ POS	eng	eng
merchant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colonised	JJ	eng	eng
fame	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
iterations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
roan	PM NOM	eng	eng
aveyard	PM NOM	eng	eng
ponders	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dauntingly	AB	eng	eng
swinbourne	PM NOM	eng	eng
indeterminately	AB	eng	eng
scottish	JJ POS	eng	eng
neutralization	NN	eng	eng
receivable	JJ POS	eng	eng
two-dimensional	JJ POS	eng	eng
helper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antidepressants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suspecting	VB	eng	eng
hollywood	PM NOM	eng	eng
bigfoot	PM NOM	eng	eng
snowpiercer	PM NOM	eng	eng
connects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
labouring	JJ POS	eng	eng
stroked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
archipelago	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carribean	JJ POS	eng	eng
widowhood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holdaway	NN	eng	eng
reassessment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vigor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
helicopter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ivys	PM GEN	eng	eng
sympathizers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proscription	NN	eng	eng
cousinhood	NN	eng	eng
conforming	VB ING	eng	eng
paine	PM NOM	eng	eng
internationalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shoot'em	VB	eng	eng
wrecked	VB	eng	eng
spruitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
abberley	PM NOM	eng	eng
professing	VB ING	eng	eng
perceives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
understandably	AB	eng	eng
copenhagen	PM NOM	eng	eng
dreamboats	PM NOM	eng	eng
hodgins	PM NOM	eng	eng
make-believe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mccloud	PM NOM	eng	eng
crües	PM GEN	eng	eng
acquaints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
argentinian	JJ	eng	eng
speedskaters	NN	eng	eng
heather's	PM GEN	eng	eng
symbolised	VB PAP	eng	eng
pulsion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
starches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
negligences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rehearse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
tonne	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dendrite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overstate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
defences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pro-democracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vandalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
front-lines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
agency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
atonement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intertitle	NN	eng	eng
multisensory	JJ	eng	eng
dominations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deficiently	AB	eng	eng
part-time	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yesterday	AB	eng	eng
fixities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
saxony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
penetrating	VB ING	eng	eng
photoplay	PM NOM	eng	eng
hitmans	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
baboons	NN PLU	eng	eng
gameplan	NN	eng	eng
geometric	JJ POS	eng	eng
violates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
bough	PM NOM	eng	eng
quadrants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flesh	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
nonconformists	NN PLU	eng	eng
ford	PM NOM	eng	eng
daddies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
howarth	PM NOM	eng	eng
huxley	PM NOM	eng	eng
privatize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
quickresponse	NN	eng	eng
lilah	PM NOM	eng	eng
screws	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
armored	JJ	eng	eng
ripple	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mclaren	PM NOM	eng	eng
stubbart	PM NOM	eng	eng
recaptured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reviews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
integer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
illegitimacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
purports	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
apparatus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multiplier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nobody	PN	eng	eng
woman's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
utica	PM NOM	eng	eng
geographer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
in-laws	NN	eng	eng
simplify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mark	PM NOM	eng	eng
mega	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
relocations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alienates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
huggins	PM NOM	eng	eng
brookhart	PM NOM	eng	eng
proved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
syessence	PM NOM	eng	eng
microbes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sorted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
winslade	PM NOM	eng	eng
omnisciently	AB	eng	eng
cherrie	PM NOM	eng	eng
populists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stiling	PM NOM	eng	eng
kumble	PM NOM	eng	eng
robinson	PM NOM	eng	eng
gap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
top-level	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ecobook	PM NOM	eng	eng
heights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
redirecting	VB-GER lang:fre	eng	eng
protection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-government	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abject	JJ POS	eng	eng
fosters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
densmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
retardation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trembles	VB	eng	eng
jealously	AB	eng	eng
forbade	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
centers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
them	PN	eng	eng
interstitial	JJ POS	eng	eng
appointment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unspecified	JJ POS	eng	eng
kaleidoscope	NN	eng	eng
neurologic	JJ	eng	eng
single-parent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conceptualization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'haras	PM GEN	eng	eng
strained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mannish	JJ	eng	eng
diocese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rozzells	PM GEN	eng	eng
irwing	PM NOM	eng	eng
abolitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eliminations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
empowerment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
identically	JJ POS	eng	eng
defenses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exeter	PM NOM	eng	eng
establishments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
underway	AB	eng	eng
superintendents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
follow-ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gateways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grayden	PM NOM	eng	eng
york	PM NOM	eng	eng
shelter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unrestrained	JJ POS	eng	eng
hypothalamic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
props	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
redfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
symphonic	NN	eng	eng
stepwise	AB	eng	eng
porteous	PM NOM	eng	eng
nephew	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
socio-economic	JJ POS	eng	eng
handwritings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cattle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recurrently	AB	eng	eng
capriciously	AB	eng	eng
attraction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nourish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dunbar	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-military	JJ POS	eng	eng
resolutely	AB	eng	eng
poker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burger	PM NOM	eng	eng
cropped	VB	eng	eng
peacedrums	PM NOM	eng	eng
permissions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beyonce	PM NOM	eng	eng
heffernan	PM NOM	eng	eng
unprecedented	JJ POS	eng	eng
edinburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
communitarianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overloaded	VB PAP	eng	eng
queenie	NN	eng	eng
docks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sorely	AB	eng	eng
flame	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fixations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-monitor	NN	eng	eng
cherrington	PM NOM	eng	eng
finitude	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
only	AB	eng	eng
victim's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
definitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
windsors	PM GEN	eng	eng
advantage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fuels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
canvases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dominant	JJ POS	eng	eng
combinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cascading	VB	eng	eng
jouster	NN UTR SIN DEF NOM	eng	eng
casement	PM NOM	eng	eng
cobblepot	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-observation	NN	eng	eng
telephony	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
burgess	PM NOM	eng	eng
audiovisual	JJ POS	eng	eng
circumcisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coexisted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
vectors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fours	RG NOM	eng	eng
maven	PM NOM	eng	eng
existentialism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evaluated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
surfer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feudally	AB	eng	eng
buy-outs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crew	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paedophiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
meecham	PM NOM	eng	eng
substance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reliabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
annum	AB	eng	eng
buys	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deighton	PM NOM	eng	eng
rescue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lash's	PM GEN	eng	eng
projectbase	PM NOM	eng	eng
universality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ponpongirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
utiliser	NN	eng	eng
dunaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
chipperfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
capitulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abundance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
glooms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
guilds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
palatable	JJ POS	eng	eng
godsoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
analyzability	NN	eng	eng
sofas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
necessitating	VB ING	eng	eng
branch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
councelled	JJ	eng	eng
progressively	AB	eng	eng
inexhaustible	JJ POS	eng	eng
martyrdoms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disseminated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
spongebob	PM NOM	eng	eng
truthfully	AB	eng	eng
facility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swinging	VB ING	eng	eng
accede	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
code-switching	NN	eng	eng
endorses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
together	AB	eng	eng
geologically	AB	eng	eng
fines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intrapersonal	JJ POS	eng	eng
burson	PM NOM	eng	eng
crossfire	NN	eng	eng
cogent	JJ POS	eng	eng
neuroleptics	NN	eng	eng
mcgwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
computer-assisted	JJ POS	eng	eng
brownstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
screamer	NN	eng	eng
astonishingly	AB	eng	eng
worker-client	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hunters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
absolutes	NN PLU	eng	eng
misgiving	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
posttraumatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
forsythes	PM GEN	eng	eng
liberal-democratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
aldous	PM NOM	eng	eng
alarms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
overestimation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fierstein	PM NOM	eng	eng
begun	VB PAP	eng	eng
shareholders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reciprocated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
intimacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lakenheath	PM NOM	eng	eng
migratory	JJ POS	eng	eng
shackley	PM NOM	eng	eng
limbic	JJ POS	eng	eng
transcripts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
associating	VB ING	eng	eng
cotech	PM NOM	eng	eng
pluralists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
staphylococcal	JJ POS	eng	eng
sectarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inspectorate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
q-parks	PM GEN	eng	eng
oat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caryn	PM NOM	eng	eng
notion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
morrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
acquiescence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mainville	PM NOM	eng	eng
tracee	PM NOM	eng	eng
feeding	VB ING	eng	eng
post-structuralists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lifecenter	NN	eng	eng
bag	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preparing	VB ING	eng	eng
patient-physician	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ravenous	JJ	eng	eng
last	JJ POS	eng	eng
turnout	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
performance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
affirm	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
aubyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
webbcommunities	NN PLU	eng	eng
planetary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
judgmental	JJ POS	eng	eng
normalized	VB PAP	eng	eng
rowley	PM NOM	eng	eng
embeddednesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
improvisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
technologically	AB	eng	eng
whites	PM NOM	eng	eng
baghead	PM NOM	eng	eng
generates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
megyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenshirts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
angelou	PM NOM	eng	eng
michigan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
calley	PM NOM	eng	eng
commute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
derived	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
transcendence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caregiving	JJ POS	eng	eng
macphail	PM NOM	eng	eng
bleeding	JJ POS	eng	eng
denounces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
margins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
memorial	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
publics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shortened	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
arousal	JJ POS	eng	eng
projecting	VB ING	eng	eng
firefighter	NN	eng	eng
pietisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
glossy	JJ POS	eng	eng
showed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
selfridge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dimensions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rochester	PM NOM	eng	eng
warranties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
decarboxylase	NN	eng	eng
instantiations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
without	PP	eng	eng
illustrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
attorney	NN	eng	eng
interactionism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
albany's	PM GEN	eng	eng
corrupt	JJ POS	eng	eng
neo-liberal	JJ POS	eng	eng
mckillip	PM NOM	eng	eng
replete	JJ POS	eng	eng
hitech	PM NOM	eng	eng
rate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
regulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unconvinced	JJ	eng	eng
denoted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
minimize	VB HSI	eng	eng
oliver	PM NOM	eng	eng
superspicy	PM NOM	eng	eng
deterrence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
student's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
hal	PM NOM	eng	eng
theatre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
searcy	PM NOM	eng	eng
shopping	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vagueness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redbull	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-awareness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manchesters	PM GEN	eng	eng
self-disclosure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
usable	JJ POS	eng	eng
zests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
speach	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sentiment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infrequently	AB	eng	eng
screening	VB ING	eng	eng
showview	NN	eng	eng
henhouse	NN	eng	eng
powertrain	NN	eng	eng
foot-in-the-door	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
astonished	JJ POS	eng	eng
aldershot's	PM GEN	eng	eng
rutherfurd	PM NOM	eng	eng
broudy	PM NOM	eng	eng
priorites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
problematically	AB	eng	eng
cultivators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wealths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bureaucracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
irrationally	AB	eng	eng
post-colonialist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
netent	PM NOM	eng	eng
elegant	JJ POS	eng	eng
interstellar	PM NOM	eng	eng
constructivisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carrol	PM NOM	eng	eng
killarney	PM NOM	eng	eng
addresses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
specially	AB	eng	eng
bradburys	PM GEN	eng	eng
revolutionized	VB PAP	eng	eng
older	JJ KOM	eng	eng
reduce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
venturing	VB ING	eng	eng
externality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cushioning	VB	eng	eng
microculture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
government's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
clarendon	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcgain	PM NOM	eng	eng
benchmark	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diced	VB PAP	eng	eng
wonderfull	PM NOM	eng	eng
keechs	PM GEN	eng	eng
categorisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ironies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
enumerated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dealey	PM NOM	eng	eng
firefly	PM NOM	eng	eng
superficial	JJ POS	eng	eng
abides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
causey	PM NOM	eng	eng
eurythmic	PM NOM	eng	eng
loom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
randomly	AB	eng	eng
grief	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
planners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
era	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
canons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bulk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reformulations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
segmenting	VB ING	eng	eng
aylesbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evasive	JJ POS	eng	eng
destabilizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
brasils	PM GEN	eng	eng
actorhood	NN	eng	eng
ducking	VB	eng	eng
criticise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ralph's	PM GEN	eng	eng
prawns	PM NOM	eng	eng
territory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multiplicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grath	PM NOM	eng	eng
referees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greenshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
reth	PM NOM	eng	eng
by-products	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
rainforest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disappearance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mindfellaz	PM NOM	eng	eng
impede	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
liquidities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
externally	AB	eng	eng
approves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
indulgence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
graham's	PM GEN	eng	eng
transgresses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
summarise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
subdued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dozens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
telephones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rushton	PM NOM	eng	eng
giving	VB	eng	eng
wragg	PM NOM	eng	eng
impossible	JJ POS	eng	eng
equipment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
role-play	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perfectly	AB	eng	eng
bluetooth	PM NOM	eng	eng
memoir	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unjustifiedly	AB	eng	eng
appendix	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heir	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
raysearch	PM NOM	eng	eng
vented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
less	JJ	eng	eng
deposit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dyer	PM NOM	eng	eng
invert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
monotonous	JJ POS	eng	eng
consecrated	JJ POS	eng	eng
parth	PM NOM	eng	eng
twinship	NN	eng	eng
chronicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sister's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
nearest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
stopwatch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rework	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
melodies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
formulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
aerocrine	PM NOM	eng	eng
harvest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dilthey	PM NOM	eng	eng
parham's	PM GEN	eng	eng
resultated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sunlights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
oncologist	NN	eng	eng
start	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
daredevil	PM NOM	eng	eng
purchases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
miscarry	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deflecting	VB ING	eng	eng
promptly	AB	eng	eng
paranormal	JJ POS	eng	eng
sexists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
railey	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoodwinked	PM NOM	eng	eng
cucamonga	PM NOM	eng	eng
recognizably	AB	eng	eng
sophisticated	JJ POS	eng	eng
hackers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
occupant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
upheavals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stimulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
peaches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
consequentially	AB	eng	eng
inhabiting	VB ING	eng	eng
brothel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
morrowind	PM NOM	eng	eng
woken	VB	eng	eng
site's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
honeywood	PM NOM	eng	eng
crumbled	JJ POS	eng	eng
changeable	JJ POS	eng	eng
template	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deviated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mushing	VB ING	eng	eng
eroticisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
experiencing	VB ING	eng	eng
prestigious	JJ POS	eng	eng
trespasses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dampness	NN	eng	eng
basement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elizabeth	PM NOM	eng	eng
rehabilitating	VB ING	eng	eng
controversial	JJ POS	eng	eng
adopt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
transpires	VB	eng	eng
teacher's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
hypocrisy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hetfields	PM GEN	eng	eng
apocalypse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accountant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moonshine	NN	eng	eng
thrustworthy	JJ	eng	eng
four-ties	PM NOM	eng	eng
cerebrally	AB	eng	eng
customize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wham	PM NOM	eng	eng
falsity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
platonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
entropy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kincaids	PM GEN	eng	eng
imperviously	AB	eng	eng
lessening	VB ING	eng	eng
bradburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
airways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
governability	NN	eng	eng
grandiosity	NN	eng	eng
cleary	PM NOM	eng	eng
cross-functionally	AB	eng	eng
permutation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rethoric	JJ POS	eng	eng
censorsbip	NN spell	eng	eng
oldham's	PM GEN	eng	eng
transferences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bicameral	JJ POS	eng	eng
human-time	NN	eng	eng
citizen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chorine	NN	eng	eng
battle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sighs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abbreviation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shackled	JJ	eng	eng
liability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nameproduct	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
competetiveness	NN	eng	eng
susceptibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dragon's	NN GEN	eng	eng
demography	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lords	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodlawn	PM NOM	eng	eng
theory-of-mind	NN	eng	eng
hungers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harcourt	PM NOM	eng	eng
pace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spradley	PM NOM	eng	eng
exception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
victorian	JJ POS	eng	eng
dispatched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bogus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blackbourn	PM NOM	eng	eng
olfactory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
independents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ploy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
actress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
observable	JJ POS	eng	eng
skydiving	VB ING	eng	eng
nominally	AB	eng	eng
duress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
veneers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corey	PM NOM	eng	eng
1920s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jubilee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
john	PM NOM	eng	eng
wilder	PM NOM	eng	eng
capped	VB	eng	eng
waddell	PM NOM	eng	eng
ladders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
symptom-focused	JJ	eng	eng
being's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
allusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
paula	PM NOM	eng	eng
enlightenment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rewind	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
henshaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
maintaining	VB ING	eng	eng
facile	JJ POS	eng	eng
wailing	VB	eng	eng
reanalysis	NN	eng	eng
nightcap	NN	eng	eng
unavoidably	JJ POS	eng	eng
untrue	JJ POS	eng	eng
chicken	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equal	JJ POS	eng	eng
hagee	PM NOM	eng	eng
sits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
academy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sharpeville	PM NOM	eng	eng
eliot	PM NOM	eng	eng
overthrowing	VB ING	eng	eng
pentecostal	JJ POS	eng	eng
buses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tillerson	PM NOM	eng	eng
vauxhall	PM NOM	eng	eng
delaware	PM NOM	eng	eng
idiom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deactivating	VB	eng	eng
mercurys	PM GEN	eng	eng
abandonning	VB ING	eng	eng
kaylin	PM NOM	eng	eng
emits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
proceeded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
slighted	VB PRT	eng	eng
powells	PM GEN	eng	eng
hazzard	PM NOM	eng	eng
polish	JJ POS	eng	eng
midpoint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dramatized	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
finer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
campbells	PM GEN	eng	eng
intermittent	JJ POS	eng	eng
mechanizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
occupations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
undertakes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
funhavers	PM NOM	eng	eng
quaternary	JJ POS	eng	eng
preterm	JJ POS	eng	eng
conclusively	AB	eng	eng
cohort	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chancellor's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
whiteheads	PM GEN	eng	eng
dever	PM NOM	eng	eng
leptin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cough	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
squash	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
greenextreme	PM NOM	eng	eng
film-makers	NNP LU	eng	eng
ample	JJ POS	eng	eng
sands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corporatizing	VB ING	eng	eng
raccoon	NN	eng	eng
seriousness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
functionalist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
notable	JJ POS	eng	eng
mimics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
specializing	VB ING	eng	eng
dispersing	VB ING	eng	eng
hyperactivating	JJ	eng	eng
ambulances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bioethics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
opportunity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fall-related	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stringed	VB PRT	eng	eng
economy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
welcomes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
midwifes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
redressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lathe	NN	eng	eng
siblings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inseparability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perimeters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
complacency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
segregations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
depletions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
theoretically	AB	eng	eng
feel	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
papers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
madden's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sequence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
navigational	JJ POS	eng	eng
overlaid	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mckinlay's	PM GEN	eng	eng
proses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
directed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cabbage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
institutionalises	VB	eng	eng
davitian	PM NOM	eng	eng
displacements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
videocracy	PM NOM	eng	eng
deploy	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
invest	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
leverages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
filthy	JJ	eng	eng
paranoia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discontent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suffered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
convenience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
westchester	PM NOM	eng	eng
tumor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prevails	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tracked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bandits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fauns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
finalized	VB PRT	eng	eng
tackle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
falsifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poor	JJ POS	eng	eng
anti-politics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
registered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
professionalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warlock	PM NOM	eng	eng
uncategorized	JJ	eng	eng
byrnes	PM NOM	eng	eng
scorers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
strictures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
safest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
nurse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orally	AB	eng	eng
cantons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trios	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dose-effect	NN	eng	eng
excitedly	AB	eng	eng
pedlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
gibsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
intercollegiate	JJ POS	eng	eng
sail	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
neill	PM NOM	eng	eng
substantially	AB	eng	eng
locals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
severide	PM NOM	eng	eng
oratory	JJ POS	eng	eng
overseen	VB PAP	eng	eng
northumberland	PM NOM	eng	eng
minutes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
devine	JJ	eng	eng
understood	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
saving	VB ING	eng	eng
mastered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
emperors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
isitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
identified	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bluethroat	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
humors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
monocular	JJ POS	eng	eng
doolittle	PM NOM	eng	eng
noted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rightward	AB	eng	eng
skyper	PM NOM	eng	eng
shaming	VB ING	eng	eng
relieving	VB ING	eng	eng
forestalls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
correspondingly	AB	eng	eng
inaugurations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macgyvers	PM GEN	eng	eng
darkness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compactly	AB	eng	eng
involvement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
estabrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
liam's	PM GEN	eng	eng
newport's	PM GEN	eng	eng
smallholder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sedaris	PM NOM	eng	eng
outplacement	NN	eng	eng
hobby	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acquiesced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sloan	PM NOM	eng	eng
bridging	VB ING	eng	eng
caterham	PM NOM	eng	eng
careworks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
negotiated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tiles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ear-wick	NN	eng	eng
admonition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fortifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
passover	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
encryption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcconville	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcgarvie	PM NOM	eng	eng
neuronal	JJ POS	eng	eng
non-violence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deakin	PM NOM	eng	eng
tricyclic	NN	eng	eng
consultee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
palgrove	PM NOM	eng	eng
deserted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
optimum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hewitts	PM GEN	eng	eng
affluence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
voters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mafia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
napoleonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
windowfarming	NN	eng	eng
nightcruisers	PM NOM	eng	eng
decisive	JJ POS	eng	eng
cosmopolite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intriguingly	AB	eng	eng
radiations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burstyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
presumption	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cecentralization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intonation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overconceptualisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcguffin	PM NOM	eng	eng
winkleman	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcfame	PM NOM	eng	eng
scientist-practitioners	NN PLU	eng	eng
off-label	NN	eng	eng
mood	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inquiries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dependency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plastered	VB PRT	eng	eng
bumping	VB ING	eng	eng
sisterly	AB	eng	eng
prentice's	PM GEN	eng	eng
first-class	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'keeffe	PM NOM	eng	eng
pits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
released	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
examples	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fingerprints	PM GEN	eng	eng
folding	VB ING	eng	eng
insulting	VB ING	eng	eng
unification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bribes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
callously	AB	eng	eng
foodstuffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accords	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
softshell	PM NOM	eng	eng
rational-choice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moonwalker	NN	eng	eng
roland	PM NOM	eng	eng
and	KN	eng	eng
grammatical	JJ POS	eng	eng
abandonment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
negations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forgeries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
defeats	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
condemn	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
colloquiums	NN	eng	eng
lohans	PM GEN	eng	eng
highline	NN	eng	eng
therapeutics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swedish-grown	JJ POS	eng	eng
intersection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hi-fi	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
agnosia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counsellings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woodburnes	PM GEN	eng	eng
pavements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fairbairn	PM NOM	eng	eng
phenomenons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lodge	PM NOM	eng	eng
newer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
thecochranelibrary	PM NOM	eng	eng
compound	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commence	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
doddridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
seriously	AB	eng	eng
chandler	PM NOM	eng	eng
restriction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
instantaneously	AB	eng	eng
facial	JJ POS	eng	eng
deplored	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ruptured	JJ	eng	eng
slender	JJ POS	eng	eng
trivial	JJ POS	eng	eng
baditudes	PM NOM	eng	eng
fireplaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jewels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mujahideen	PM NOM FREQ:3	eng	eng
formalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
cultivating	VB ING	eng	eng
certified	JJ POS	eng	eng
dictate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jargon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chichester	PM NOM	eng	eng
dawsons	PM GEN	eng	eng
cobalt	PM NOM	eng	eng
dissatisfy	VB	eng	eng
argeement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prophet's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
unjustly	AB	eng	eng
floaters	NN PLU	eng	eng
coefficient	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disliking	VB ING	eng	eng
heavy	JJ POS	eng	eng
devastatingly	AB	eng	eng
robotic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
penrose	PM NOM	eng	eng
facie	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dissatisfied	JJ POS	eng	eng
governmentalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
parfitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
drews	PM NOM	eng	eng
alchemy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inept	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unrepresentatively	AB	eng	eng
chatswin	PM NOM	eng	eng
renew	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
impunity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sulfate	NN	eng	eng
dissemination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spradlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
fluently	AB	eng	eng
confirms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
postmodern	JJ POS	eng	eng
pahkitew	PM NOM	eng	eng
scholarships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
choices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dispenses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
scores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
defuses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
constructor	NN	eng	eng
complacent	JJ POS	eng	eng
conspicuous	JJ POS	eng	eng
luncheon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lunches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sensibly	AB	eng	eng
referred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
activated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
malone's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mentality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nudity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
headmistress	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overestimates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
aldridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
outcome	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cartinhour	PM NOM	eng	eng
youthman	PM NOM	eng	eng
restating	VB ING	eng	eng
responsables	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shrew	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
broomstick	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
derbyshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
surveying	VB ING	eng	eng
perceptual	JJ POS	eng	eng
downplaying	VB	eng	eng
prosperous	JJ POS	eng	eng
gender-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
atlantics	PM NOM	eng	eng
interchanges	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
viewed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
obscuring	VB ING	eng	eng
inculcate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
nouns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rowbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
woollacott	PM NOM	eng	eng
landowners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
queensbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
phenotypic	JJ POS	eng	eng
1960s	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cochrane	PM NOM	eng	eng
eileens	PM GEN	eng	eng
radiant	JJ	eng	eng
whistleblowing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harkness	PM NOM	eng	eng
facets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loner	NN	eng	eng
transient	JJ POS	eng	eng
expanse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
myocardial	JJ POS	eng	eng
fairbrother	PM NOM	eng	eng
pepper's	PM GEN	eng	eng
psychoanalytic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impacting	VB ING	eng	eng
onlooker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
solemn	JJ POS	eng	eng
discriminatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
wheelbarrows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beetlejuice	PM NOM	eng	eng
openinfo	PM NOM	eng	eng
grieving	VB ING	eng	eng
luketic	PM NOM	eng	eng
firewire	PM NOM	eng	eng
repertoire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
position	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whirlwind	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lectures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fills	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dobby	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-discovery	NN	eng	eng
earthlight	NN	eng	eng
cheek	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hispanics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
needled	VB PRT	eng	eng
detector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
icings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
travers	PM GEN	eng	eng
thundered	VB PRT	eng	eng
endogenous	JJ POS	eng	eng
angular	JJ POS	eng	eng
accordance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
felling	VB ING	eng	eng
linear	JJ POS	eng	eng
milley	PM NOM	eng	eng
comforting	VB ING	eng	eng
villagers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
congolese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brand's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
blank	JJ POS	eng	eng
devastated	JJ POS	eng	eng
north-wests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychotherapists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grassdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
interscope	PM NOM	eng	eng
vaccinations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
journalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
simmered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
undifferentiated	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-reflective	JJ POS	eng	eng
ray	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
victory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cables	NN	eng	eng
inconvenient	JJ POS	eng	eng
czechoslovakia	PM NOM	eng	eng
cresskill's	PM GEN	eng	eng
gatekeeping	VB ING	eng	eng
macnamara	PM NOM	eng	eng
manners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
biometrics	NN	eng	eng
surrounding	VB ING	eng	eng
barbarisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
romanian	JJ POS	eng	eng
nonlinearly	AB	eng	eng
jagger's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sorcha	PM NOM	eng	eng
harms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
magnate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commissioning	VB ING	eng	eng
loadman	PM NOM	eng	eng
antidemocratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
forestalled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
adoptively	AB	eng	eng
hunter-gatherer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incorporate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
museum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coomans	PM GEN	eng	eng
be	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
enhancements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
complexly	AB	eng	eng
valutecs	PM GEN	eng	eng
reinforce	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
either	KN	eng	eng
populates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
superstructure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
non-verbally	AB	eng	eng
valueguard	PM NOM	eng	eng
curing	VB ING	eng	eng
chinese's	PM GEN	eng	eng
borderlines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
huffington	PM NOM	eng	eng
unformulated	JJ	eng	eng
hathaways	PM GEN	eng	eng
supermans	PM GEN	eng	eng
line	PM NOM	eng	eng
cheerleader	NN	eng	eng
designs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quadrangular	PM NOM	eng	eng
backlog	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newsom	PM NOM	eng	eng
verbalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
churchland	PM NOM	eng	eng
feminist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
quantifier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
secondly	AB	eng	eng
casualty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rylands	PM GEN	eng	eng
destabilization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enhance	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mitigates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
handful	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
partnering	VB ING	eng	eng
fronts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intricacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
criterions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conveies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
giraffe	NN	eng	eng
waved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hillsdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
verandah	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
isn't	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rugs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vengeous	PM NOM	eng	eng
accountancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
portia	PM NOM	eng	eng
patrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
theft	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
anaesthesia	NN	eng	eng
motherboard	NN	eng	eng
massed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
anomic	JJ POS	eng	eng
zurvivor	PM NOM	eng	eng
dismal	JJ POS	eng	eng
absence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subsidiary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stereotypy	NN	eng	eng
presuming	VB ING	eng	eng
closenesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
awaited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brew	PM NOM	eng	eng
unpalatable	JJ POS	eng	eng
prine	PM NOM	eng	eng
pleasures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eclipse	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
civilians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
escalate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
method	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
christianity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counsellors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bushby	PM NOM	eng	eng
jolenes	PM GEN	eng	eng
dolomite	PM NOM	eng	eng
passions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
downing	PM NOM	eng	eng
paving	VB ING	eng	eng
pharmace	PM NOM	eng	eng
reconsider	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mayfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
croatia	PM NOM	eng	eng
briones	PM GEN	eng	eng
icy	JJ	eng	eng
deadheads	PM NOM	eng	eng
stabilizer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eaton	PM NOM	eng	eng
mobilized	JJ POS	eng	eng
rotating	VB ING	eng	eng
scraped	VB PRT	eng	eng
deployment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
investment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jeffries	PM NOM	eng	eng
roadie	NN	eng	eng
continentally	AB	eng	eng
calfree	PM NOM	eng	eng
restrained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
maleoriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
topiary	NN	eng	eng
span	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
erupt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fibers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
culprit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
haysbert	PM NOM	eng	eng
triumphantly	AB	eng	eng
soothe	VB	eng	eng
contextualisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lara's	PM GEN	eng	eng
scanbox	NN	eng	eng
disjunctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
urban	JJ POS	eng	eng
hatfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
linking	VB ING	eng	eng
neuropsychopathology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bribe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
liberalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cutoff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transcribes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
falmer's	PM GEN	eng	eng
scissorhands	PM NOM	eng	eng
on-going	JJ POS	eng	eng
would-bes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
engendered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
herney	PM NOM	eng	eng
highclere	PM NOM	eng	eng
precede	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
prospects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apart	AB	eng	eng
discontinuing	VB ING	eng	eng
victimised	JJ	eng	eng
stapledon	PM NOM	eng	eng
carryover	NN	eng	eng
detracting	VB ING	eng	eng
maltreatments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lodges	PM GEN	eng	eng
fancifully	AB	eng	eng
upscaling	VB ING	eng	eng
criterion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feud	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cokesbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
pennywitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
sways	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
representation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wallston	PM NOM	eng	eng
fulfill	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mysterious	JJ POS	eng	eng
lohan	PM NOM	eng	eng
hi-fis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scanned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
lakeview	PM NOM	eng	eng
perpetuated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
blasting	VB ING	eng	eng
universalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boltic	PM NOM	eng	eng
jewel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcdonaldization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obey	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
glacially	AB	eng	eng
manure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
disinterested	JJ POS	eng	eng
woodruff's	PM GEN	eng	eng
expectancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sir	PM NOM	eng	eng
pint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conformable	JJ	eng	eng
demoralization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
renews	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
loci	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inepts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
finegold	PM NOM	eng	eng
nobilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
interconnected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
glocalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commencements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
antibody-dependent	JJ	eng	eng
patiently	AB	eng	eng
human-rights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dermatology	NN	eng	eng
handled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
roosters	PM NOM	eng	eng
howlin	JJ	eng	eng
sharp	JJ POS	eng	eng
endanger	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
skywave	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manual-based	JJ	eng	eng
facies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kerfoot	PM NOM	eng	eng
gain	NN	eng	eng
barbarism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
offending	JJ POS	eng	eng
slaps	NN PLU	eng	eng
capitation	NN	eng	eng
garath	PM NOM	eng	eng
tucson	PM NOM	eng	eng
soundscape	NN	eng	eng
second-order	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
barish	PM NOM	eng	eng
spreading	VB ING	eng	eng
score	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parallelled	VB PRT	eng	eng
halfway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
earmarked	JJ POS	eng	eng
workers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plateaus	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
all-inclusive	JJ POS	eng	eng
gatehouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
heated	JJ POS	eng	eng
nationalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
chlorine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
packages	NN	eng	eng
infiltrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
resides	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
backbones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
relapsed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
kozun	PM NOM	eng	eng
purposively	AB	eng	eng
village	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cashback	PM NOM	eng	eng
9-ball	NN	eng	eng
shrews	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vardy	PM NOM	eng	eng
difference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
patenting	VB ING	eng	eng
mother-tongues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
generally	AB	eng	eng
unfreezing	VB	eng	eng
harris	PM NOM	eng	eng
embassies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fairnet	PM NOM	eng	eng
lighthizer	PM NOM	eng	eng
professorially	AB	eng	eng
buycott	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
horsepower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flung	VB PAP	eng	eng
outreaching	VB ING	eng	eng
clinically	AB	eng	eng
island	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bedchamber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heretical	JJ POS	eng	eng
whiteford	PM NOM	eng	eng
pervasiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
facet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manager	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loners	NN PLU	eng	eng
scribbles	NN PLU	eng	eng
wogan	PM NOM	eng	eng
enfranchised	VB PAP	eng	eng
cheeks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compiles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
virtuosity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crossnet	PM NOM	eng	eng
parasites	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
icing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
snowman	PM NOM	eng	eng
agreed-upon	JJ POS	eng	eng
reinforces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
showgirl	NN	eng	eng
fulfillments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biographer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
probation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teaparties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spin-out	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thickly	AB	eng	eng
groundbreaking	VB ING	eng	eng
elementary	AB	eng	eng
domesticated	JJ POS	eng	eng
encapsulated	JJ POS	eng	eng
appeared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
laziness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
warrington	PM NOM	eng	eng
blanks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
curbed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inculcates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rumbles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
rejoicing	VB ING	eng	eng
male	JJ POS	eng	eng
sidedly	AB	eng	eng
grouse	NN	eng	eng
bile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spotswood	PM NOM	eng	eng
jobs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evoking	VB ING	eng	eng
hotshot	NN	eng	eng
franchisee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bladders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sundown-syndrome	NN UTR SIN DEF NOM	eng	eng
allocated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wielding	VB ING	eng	eng
sinfully	AB	eng	eng
controlling	VB ING	eng	eng
gradual	JJ POS	eng	eng
gooseman	PM NOM	eng	eng
benromach	PM NOM	eng	eng
divest	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
proliferative	JJ POS	eng	eng
afforded	VB PAP	eng	eng
karena	PM NOM	eng	eng
lightbown	PM NOM	eng	eng
headdress	NN	eng	eng
warwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
birdmen	PM NOM	eng	eng
non	AB	eng	eng
tormented	JJ POS	eng	eng
woodwork	NN	eng	eng
lyrically	AB	eng	eng
foul	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acculturation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
materially	AB	eng	eng
electorates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deckard	PM NOM	eng	eng
mythologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
analog	JJ POS	eng	eng
cable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
systemair	PM NOM	eng	eng
stimulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
castlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
orthodoxies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
airlines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rafts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
continent's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
harpham	PM NOM	eng	eng
interfered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
josey	PM NOM	eng	eng
unmotivated	JJ POS	eng	eng
whirlwinds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disturbances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-stop	PM NOM	eng	eng
pearce	PM NOM	eng	eng
inefficient	JJ POS	eng	eng
roadworthiness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
on-the-job	JJ POS	eng	eng
dived	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
actant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
became	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
freakingcat	NN	eng	eng
aeronautics	NN	eng	eng
discriminative	JJ POS	eng	eng
somatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
mccrimmons	PM NOM	eng	eng
postmodernists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ponies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grassy	JJ	eng	eng
cheri	PM NOM	eng	eng
unthinkingly	AB	eng	eng
landowner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shadow	PM NOM	eng	eng
invader	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eventness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fairbairns	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodburne	PM NOM	eng	eng
unmonitored	JJ	eng	eng
canty	PM NOM	eng	eng
desegregations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expending	VB ING	eng	eng
easing	VB ING	eng	eng
connections	NN	eng	eng
determinative	JJ POS	eng	eng
cosmologically	AB	eng	eng
ribbon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trauma-related	JJ	eng	eng
senses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
retreating	VB ING	eng	eng
subsidised	VB PAP	eng	eng
polynesian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
debacles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
punctuated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
front	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lounging	VB	eng	eng
paintings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
burdensomely	AB	eng	eng
reinventions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
foodstuff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
generatively	AB	eng	eng
belated	JJ POS	eng	eng
fantasizing	VB	eng	eng
baroque	JJ POS	eng	eng
moisture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
curtailed	JJ POS	eng	eng
refueled	JJ	eng	eng
x-perience	NN	eng	eng
bussell	PM NOM	eng	eng
neuropharmacology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confound	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
thefts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
southends	PM NOM	eng	eng
mother-child	JJ POS	eng	eng
willstrop	PM NOM	eng	eng
revolutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
constitution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
settlement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
associationally	AB	eng	eng
masturbated	VB	eng	eng
podger's	PM GEN	eng	eng
leap	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
materiality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
preconscious	JJ POS	eng	eng
watchtower	NN	eng	eng
retrospect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
consumerist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
berkely	PM NOM	eng	eng
greystone	PM NOM	eng	eng
kinesthetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
reserves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
erupts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fiber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
commends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tyrions	PM GEN	eng	eng
fireplace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rhyming	VB ING	eng	eng
reminded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cemetery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cheesecakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cellars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
alphadoodle	PM NOM	eng	eng
restlessness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jean's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cartoonists	PM NOM	eng	eng
orchestral	JJ	eng	eng
builders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hermits	PM NOM	eng	eng
waka	PM NOM	eng	eng
peril	NN	eng	eng
conducting	VB ING	eng	eng
oxbridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
poorest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
kieras	PM GEN	eng	eng
spies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
disestablishment	NN	eng	eng
appreciate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hersey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
vascularly	AB	eng	eng
adjudications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kicks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
asylums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
succumbed	JJ POS	eng	eng
gang	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
give	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
implants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deportees	NN PLU	eng	eng
exercising	VB ING	eng	eng
genetics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
practioners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
theorize	VB HSI	eng	eng
co-ordinated	JJ POS	eng	eng
required	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reclamations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resolutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
estabrooks	PM NOM	eng	eng
driverelationship	NN	eng	eng
shall	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
potentialities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
group-comparison	NN	eng	eng
cromwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
forestall	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fremantle	PM NOM	eng	eng
pathfinders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disenchantments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
marred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
adopts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
frighten	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
demo	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trueman	PM NOM	eng	eng
systematic	JJ POS	eng	eng
validities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
notifying	VB ING	eng	eng
frome	PM NOM	eng	eng
diligently	AB	eng	eng
longboard	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
manufacture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
democratization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fairer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
damsels	NN	eng	eng
twenty-eight	RG	eng	eng
illicit	JJ POS	eng	eng
hallway	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
circular	JJ POS	eng	eng
laxly	AB	eng	eng
inter-agencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cauley	PM NOM	eng	eng
polishes	VB	eng	eng
precludes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
harolds	PM GEN	eng	eng
moviezine	PM NOM	eng	eng
radiation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conspires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
subscriptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
robert	PM NOM	eng	eng
squashes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
infarction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
billions	NN	eng	eng
cutting	VB ING	eng	eng
wisegate	PM NOM	eng	eng
nettles	NN	eng	eng
fortitude	PM NOM	eng	eng
rayward	PM NOM	eng	eng
gemmas	PM GEN	eng	eng
consultees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tricyclics	NN PLU	eng	eng
aartscouncil	PM NOM	eng	eng
pressure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
generational	JJ POS	eng	eng
stoppage	NN	eng	eng
binding	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rule-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
flea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
experiential	JJ POS	eng	eng
critical	JJ POS	eng	eng
hospices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
restoration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rule-breakers	NN	eng	eng
milkreplacements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pa	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chromogenics	PM NOM	eng	eng
dospace	PM NOM	eng	eng
holidays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pocket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
simplicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
organise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
trucking	VB ING	eng	eng
replicas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kiosks	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kissed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reproductively	AB	eng	eng
brewster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ryles	PM NOM	eng	eng
diabetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
depletion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
underwear	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
processed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hagees	PM GEN	eng	eng
equals	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
perimeter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eliots	PM GEN	eng	eng
diesel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
capitals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disparaging	VB ING	eng	eng
cawthorne	PM NOM	eng	eng
disproved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
expedited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
glorify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
strength	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jubb	PM NOM	eng	eng
woods	PM NOM	eng	eng
tallies	NN PLU	eng	eng
inexpensive	JJ POS	eng	eng
pepperell	PM NOM	eng	eng
seekers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
graded	JJ POS	eng	eng
marches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
courageous	JJ POS	eng	eng
littlewood	PM NOM	eng	eng
gypsy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
idioms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgraw-hill's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
homeward	JJ	eng	eng
determinist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postulating	VB ING	eng	eng
breathed	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
biblical	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-representation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
handicapped	JJ POS	eng	eng
confabulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proprioceptively	AB	eng	eng
awoke	VB	eng	eng
wystan	PM NOM	eng	eng
contexts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nyla	PM NOM	eng	eng
acupuncture	NN	eng	eng
mimic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sponsoring	VB ING	eng	eng
utilitarianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
methylthioninium	NN	eng	eng
stricture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
federally	AB	eng	eng
harassment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
provoked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
episcopal	JJ	eng	eng
harvard's	PM GEN	eng	eng
despatch	VB	eng	eng
mhealth	PM NOM	eng	eng
society	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multiplied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
coughs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fleetfoot	PM NOM	eng	eng
tillersons	PM GEN	eng	eng
sceptic	JJ POS	eng	eng
congwen	PM NOM	eng	eng
laughing	VB ING	eng	eng
removed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
wigley	PM NOM	eng	eng
extinct	JJ POS	eng	eng
paper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
occurred	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
settle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
phoebes	PM GEN	eng	eng
clayton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sodiums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lewthwaite	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenways	PM GEN	eng	eng
craig	PM NOM	eng	eng
additive	JJ POS	eng	eng
packing	VB ING	eng	eng
mcduff	PM NOM	eng	eng
displace	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rightbacks	PM GEN	eng	eng
cohabiting	VB	eng	eng
detox	NN	eng	eng
self-satisfied	JJ	eng	eng
newlyweds	JJ	eng	eng
tumors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
zephyr	PM NOM	eng	eng
o'clocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allotted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
compartmentalizing	VB	eng	eng
grips	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subtract	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
exhaust	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
theorisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
researching	VB ING	eng	eng
behave	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
prose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coomber	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcbratney	PM NOM	eng	eng
ambulance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recognised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pessimistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
readers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sicilian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arbitrator	NN	eng	eng
mythbusters	PM NOM	eng	eng
whitehead	PM NOM	eng	eng
rating	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
byrne	PM NOM	eng	eng
forestry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
niketown	PM NOM	eng	eng
calgary's	PM GEN	eng	eng
undertake	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
operates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unspoken	JJ POS	eng	eng
thirty-two	RG	eng	eng
scotty's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bastions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brayfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
worden	PM NOM	eng	eng
ballets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
millets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
humor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wesman	PM NOM	eng	eng
misinterpret	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
isolate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
unqualified	JJ POS	eng	eng
righteousness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
landlords	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bradlow	PM NOM	eng	eng
local	JJ POS	eng	eng
architecturally	AB	eng	eng
intolerable	JJ POS	eng	eng
batters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knowing	VB ING	eng	eng
hammersley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
godwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
mclaughlin	PM NOM	eng	eng
sheilla	PM NOM	eng	eng
unacknowledgedly	AB	eng	eng
fastest-growing	JJ POS	eng	eng
newspilot	PM NOM	eng	eng
songs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fragile	JJ POS	eng	eng
soaking	JJ	eng	eng
carrigan	PM NOM	eng	eng
nowness	NN	eng	eng
interchangeably	AB	eng	eng
reconceptualizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
woodson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bernies	PM GEN	eng	eng
flew	VB PST	eng	eng
step-ups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
translations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
perversely	AB	eng	eng
coles	PM NOM	eng	eng
factories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
circumvents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
functioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
lobbyists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suggesting	VB ING	eng	eng
self-reflections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spokesperson	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
externalises	VB	eng	eng
inculcation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tick	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
biologically	AB	eng	eng
poetries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drumming	VB	eng	eng
communitydwelling	JJ	eng	eng
eroticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
underlied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
affiliative	JJ	eng	eng
pemberton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
blowers	PM NOM	eng	eng
deweykidumnhowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
backups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
psychobiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
stimulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
paused	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
male-dominated	JJ POS	eng	eng
gover	PM NOM	eng	eng
completeness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonsexual	JJ	eng	eng
sloans	PM GEN	eng	eng
linkages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
korean	JJ POS	eng	eng
calories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maladaptively	AB	eng	eng
organizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
orange	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delderfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
bombings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beresford	PM NOM	eng	eng
harmonisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clothes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
creighton	PM NOM	eng	eng
medicines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mafias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
voter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pursues	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
curney	PM NOM	eng	eng
theory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gingers	PM GEN	eng	eng
proximal	JJ POS	eng	eng
violent	JJ POS	eng	eng
perishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fully	AB	eng	eng
optimize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
legislatures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
numerals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disadvantaged	NN SI NOM	eng	eng
capacities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
biomedical	JJ POS	eng	eng
milliseconds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entire	JJ POS	eng	eng
boots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vulture	NN	eng	eng
sulphide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teaming	VB	eng	eng
janeway	PM NOM	eng	eng
layoffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deliberately	AB	eng	eng
not-for-profit	JJ POS	eng	eng
customizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
domiciled	JJ POS	eng	eng
polymerase	NN	eng	eng
acknowledging	VB ING	eng	eng
incorporation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evidenced	JJ POS	eng	eng
substituted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reilley	PM NOM	eng	eng
carstairs	PM NOM	eng	eng
hug	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
munro	PM NOM	eng	eng
orwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
reexamine	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
toothpaste	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
places	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
redrafts	VB	eng	eng
mccloskey	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcneillie	PM NOM	eng	eng
catchment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cheque	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reappearing	VB ING	eng	eng
nonconformity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ironically	AB	eng	eng
gogogirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
interracial	JJ POS	eng	eng
reconstitutions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modulated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
commercials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inching	VB	eng	eng
analytically	AB	eng	eng
partitioning	VB ING	eng	eng
steelseries	PM NOM	eng	eng
countertransference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collapsed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
superwear	NN	eng	eng
fishbane	PM NOM	eng	eng
latter's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
brianne	PM NOM	eng	eng
leary	PM NOM	eng	eng
resolve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chlorines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conquer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deputy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stationery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mysteries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backbone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unhelpfully	AB	eng	eng
braswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
clowney	PM NOM	eng	eng
moore	PM NOM	eng	eng
perfectionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conformist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
issuer	NN	eng	eng
cersei	PM NOM	eng	eng
curtice's	PM GEN	eng	eng
congregate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
comb	VB	eng	eng
mistrusted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subaltern	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
glorification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
muscular	JJ POS	eng	eng
guarded	VB PAP	eng	eng
plunders	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
interstate	JJ POS	eng	eng
moves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
client-centered	JJ POS	eng	eng
doe	PM NOM	eng	eng
caged	VB	eng	eng
sends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deviously	AB	eng	eng
while	KN	eng	eng
inflicts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wind	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
latently	AB	eng	eng
affiliating	VB ING	eng	eng
pile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adalind	PM NOM	eng	eng
spin-outs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
planks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
industrious	JJ POS	eng	eng
gledhill	PM NOM	eng	eng
pilgrims	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hagrids	PM GEN	eng	eng
nazon	PM NOM	eng	eng
scold	VB	eng	eng
parasite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
joking	VB ING	eng	eng
carrolls	PM NOM	eng	eng
hounsou	PM NOM	eng	eng
startlingly	AB	eng	eng
skinned	JJ POS	eng	eng
oldladies	PM NOM	eng	eng
innovativeness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swinson	PM NOM	eng	eng
condoning	VB ING	eng	eng
castleman	PM NOM	eng	eng
repentances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
venous	JJ	eng	eng
would-be	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uncivilized	JJ POS	eng	eng
porous	JJ POS	eng	eng
chadwick's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nitrogen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
faith	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interviewee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assist	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
policy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
numerously	AB	eng	eng
panel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
polymorphous	JJ	eng	eng
quitters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
making	VB ING	eng	eng
waker	NN	eng	eng
haynes	PM NOM	eng	eng
brooks-gunn	PM NOM	eng	eng
evade	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hygienic	JJ POS	eng	eng
dualisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
videofashion	PM NOM	eng	eng
inference	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ashton	PM NOM	eng	eng
devils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recharge	VB	eng	eng
dereks	PM NOM	eng	eng
prospect	NN	eng	eng
dissents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
5th	RO	eng	eng
interrogating	VB ING	eng	eng
marsters	PM NOM	eng	eng
self-knowledge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
locane	PM NOM	eng	eng
juggler	NN	eng	eng
proportionality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undelivered	JJ	eng	eng
servicescapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
puberty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cullingford	PM NOM	eng	eng
insurrections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buddies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bridgettes	PM GEN	eng	eng
gamma	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bricks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unproven	JJ POS	eng	eng
delays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nudge	VB	eng	eng
encouragement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enzymes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
behaviourscore	NN	eng	eng
build-off	NN	eng	eng
constancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
endangers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reassigning	VB	eng	eng
imprecisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pinchot	PM NOM	eng	eng
bodywork	NN	eng	eng
saluted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stamped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
revelatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
enquires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hoover	PM NOM	eng	eng
whoopi	IN	eng	eng
dialogicity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
egalitarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
misdeeds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
camberwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
sure	JJ POS	eng	eng
houndsmill	PM NOM	eng	eng
tenants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
signalling	VB ING	eng	eng
painting	VB ING	eng	eng
omentectomy	NN	eng	eng
mitchell	PM NOM	eng	eng
rathsman	PM NOM	eng	eng
chores	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
predatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
unscrupulous	JJ POS	eng	eng
cruise	PM NOM	eng	eng
biomech	PM NOM	eng	eng
hutchings	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonpermanent	JJ POS	eng	eng
oeconomy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
installed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reenactment	NN	eng	eng
forcing	VB ING	eng	eng
dugan	PM NOM	eng	eng
battlefield	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flexibly	AB	eng	eng
drudgery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conditionals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-appraisal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
duncan	PM NOM	eng	eng
case	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confounds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tomorrowland	PM NOM	eng	eng
ominously	AB	eng	eng
subsystems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eyre's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transforms	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fundamental	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redemptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
daunt	VB	eng	eng
accentuates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
orphans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extracted	JJ POS	eng	eng
retrenchment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
needlessly	AB	eng	eng
disseminate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
munday	PM NOM	eng	eng
greenburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
pedagogicals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
customizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
edges	NN	eng	eng
selves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bilaterally	AB	eng	eng
emancipated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bedggood	PM NOM	eng	eng
grammars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
softer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
meatballs	NN UTR SIN IND GEN	eng	eng
capes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leeways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dreadfully	AB	eng	eng
self-expression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
minaj	PM NOM	eng	eng
scrolls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
southend	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trait	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fat	JJ POS	eng	eng
conflating	VB ING	eng	eng
marilyns	PM NOM	eng	eng
trainee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stoics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
upon	PP	eng	eng
self-referentially	AB	eng	eng
blowns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
diversity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adjectives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
systems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
atrocities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
louisiana's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fool's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
stabilization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
voyaging	VB	eng	eng
organizer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hawkyard	NN	eng	eng
wavy	JJ	eng	eng
thaitec	PM NOM	eng	eng
angers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
embrained	JJ POS	eng	eng
reciprocate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
coffer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ridiculed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
regionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
landry	PM NOM	eng	eng
particularistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
replied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
outsets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sensory	JJ POS	eng	eng
institutionally	AB	eng	eng
methodist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lethal	JJ POS	eng	eng
feeldealer	NN	eng	eng
impressing	VB ING	eng	eng
spreadsheets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
team-building	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
governable	JJ POS	eng	eng
consisted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
self-evaluation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kidnap	VB	eng	eng
feathered	VB	eng	eng
metanarrative	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
taping	VB	eng	eng
clocking	VB ING	eng	eng
tenancy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
heartlands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
skillfulness	NN	eng	eng
retinally	AB	eng	eng
instrumentally	AB	eng	eng
noodles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
photocopying	VB ING	eng	eng
mcewing	PM NOM	eng	eng
scorn	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conviction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
swaggart	PM NOM	eng	eng
warrior	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unfriended	JJ	eng	eng
southall	PM NOM	eng	eng
unpaid	JJ POS	eng	eng
moscow	PM NOM	eng	eng
mayhew	PM NOM	eng	eng
film's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
schisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
internalizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
discomforts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
off-line	JJ POS	eng	eng
ins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disintegrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wakebrothers	PM NOM	eng	eng
originator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
finish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
poststructuralism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sessions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prosecuting	VB	eng	eng
algorithms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
despise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
naill	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonprofits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
molecular	JJ POS	eng	eng
mammographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
up-hill	AB	eng	eng
deaton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
profusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
digeorges	PM NOM	eng	eng
bloodhounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
multi	JJ POS	eng	eng
cleverest	JJ	eng	eng
harmby	PM NOM	eng	eng
carousel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proven	VB PAP	eng	eng
longshot	PM NOM	eng	eng
branford	PM NOM	eng	eng
oberyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
vine	NN	eng	eng
unattached	JJ	eng	eng
flaherty's	PM GEN	eng	eng
snap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
satisfied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
manifold	JJ POS	eng	eng
urinate	VB	eng	eng
cooktown	PM NOM	eng	eng
ceilings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mckiernan	PM NOM	eng	eng
bluewings	PM NOM	eng	eng
opium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcvay	PM NOM	eng	eng
weather	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
newcomb	PM NOM	eng	eng
patriarchies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unlearning	VB ING	eng	eng
sculpted	JJ	eng	eng
parish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
metropolitan	PM NOM	eng	eng
perky	PM NOM	eng	eng
peaceful	JJ POS	eng	eng
coinciding	VB ING	eng	eng
tails	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inertia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infringed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
winstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
brewsters	PM GEN	eng	eng
allspace	PM NOM	eng	eng
robustness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trademarks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
organises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
assure	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
chitty	JJ	eng	eng
clan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
gymnastics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
joseph's	PM GEN	eng	eng
deceits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
iredale	PM NOM	eng	eng
storge	PM NOM	eng	eng
burmese	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
strengths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
boxers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
loading	VB ING	eng	eng
possessions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
limepie	NN	eng	eng
piped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subcultures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
classbook	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phonologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
n'burn	VB	eng	eng
terris	PM GEN	eng	eng
gresham	PM NOM	eng	eng
spates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sloop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deindustrialization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
universal	JJ POS	eng	eng
exerts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
wirginia	PM NOM	eng	eng
kits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wolverham	AB	eng	eng
noel	PM NOM	eng	eng
statists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pure	JJ POS	eng	eng
papa	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plaques	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mexicans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
differ	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
typify	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
filial	JJ POS	eng	eng
carrier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
white-collar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treaty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misinformed	JJ POS	eng	eng
richey's	PM GEN	eng	eng
misspelt	VB	eng	eng
pleaded	VB PAP	eng	eng
wide	JJ POS	eng	eng
refuseds	PM NOM	eng	eng
cleaning	VB ING	eng	eng
haunt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dualistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
artisan	PM NOM	eng	eng
prescribed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
inform	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wiping	VB ING	eng	eng
italics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collaborative	JJ POS	eng	eng
reindeer	NN	eng	eng
unquestioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
perinatally	AB	eng	eng
backing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
electrodes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
luckhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
mentoring	VB ING	eng	eng
tainted	JJ POS	eng	eng
adherence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poots	PM NOM	eng	eng
parsnipp	NN	eng	eng
colleague	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reconstitute	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
infamous	JJ POS	eng	eng
enough	JJ POS	eng	eng
organizational	JJ POS	eng	eng
clinton	PM NOM	eng	eng
abnegation	NN	eng	eng
mentees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
durden	PM NOM	eng	eng
cooked	JJ POS	eng	eng
twenty-one	RG	eng	eng
not	AB	eng	eng
exhaustingly	AB	eng	eng
affront	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
quarterly	AB	eng	eng
frightens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
sparing	VB ING	eng	eng
fervent	JJ POS	eng	eng
creepschool	PM NOM	eng	eng
salad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
catering	VB ING	eng	eng
thinly	AB	eng	eng
optimism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hatch's	PM GEN	eng	eng
educational	JJ POS	eng	eng
hexpol	PM NOM	eng	eng
corsets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sublime	JJ POS	eng	eng
grainfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
worth	PM NOM	eng	eng
gramercy	PM NOM	eng	eng
kieren	PM NOM	eng	eng
obediences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
life-course	NN	eng	eng
temporal	JJ POS	eng	eng
incumbent	JJ POS	eng	eng
paraphrazer	NN	eng	eng
basque	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
headteacher	NN	eng	eng
autority	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kincannon	PM NOM	eng	eng
believes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cave	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
model's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
gainful	JJ	eng	eng
montagu	PM NOM	eng	eng
market	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preclude	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chipperoo	PM NOM	eng	eng
supersizing	VB ING	eng	eng
hoey	PM NOM	eng	eng
waxes	VB	eng	eng
malleable	JJ POS	eng	eng
latino	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mccall	PM NOM	eng	eng
tertiaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
substantiates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
indicated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pressures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lusts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
speeding	VB ING	eng	eng
viability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
steely	JJ	eng	eng
sky	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sectorally	AB	eng	eng
aspiration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
castles	NN	eng	eng
eggs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coward	PM NOM	eng	eng
delegated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
conspire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
regret	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
holmwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
discerning	VB ING	eng	eng
destructions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcgalliard	PM NOM	eng	eng
goalmoney	PM NOM	eng	eng
sommersby	PM NOM	eng	eng
mistaking	VB	eng	eng
multifactorial	JJ POS	eng	eng
hospitality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lightroom	NN	eng	eng
sensitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
sabbaths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lobbyist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
depends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
millenniums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
runoffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
assertively	AB	eng	eng
inhumanly	AB	eng	eng
cheney	PM NOM	eng	eng
langley	PM NOM	eng	eng
broadfoot	PM NOM	eng	eng
oyster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kissinger	PM NOM	eng	eng
scofield	PM NOM	eng	eng
physiotherapist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hurricanes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plebiscite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
weighed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
teased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unlike	JJ POS	eng	eng
catwalks	NN	eng	eng
enigmatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
frown	VB	eng	eng
piercy	PM NOM	eng	eng
milks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
warnock's	PM GEN	eng	eng
aerially	AB	eng	eng
upside	AB	eng	eng
decorum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcgown	PM NOM	eng	eng
optimizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
livingstone	PM NOM	eng	eng
procured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chooses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
life-cycles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
humfrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
need	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
immunology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
eighty	RG	eng	eng
tempted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
humanitarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
macworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
rear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
freerunning	NN	eng	eng
age-related	JJ POS	eng	eng
disintegrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
disastrous	JJ POS	eng	eng
dug	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
was	VB PST	eng	eng
medicine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
straight	JJ POS	eng	eng
prosperity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
milled	VB PRT	eng	eng
gear's	NN	eng	eng
famously	AB	eng	eng
mckernan	PM NOM	eng	eng
entee	PM NOM	eng	eng
lockean	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wores	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sulphides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
custom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
factionalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
broadcaster	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appreciable	JJ POS	eng	eng
doin	VB	eng	eng
implied	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
discrepantly	AB	eng	eng
lucie	PM NOM	eng	eng
monitorings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ragin	PM NOM	eng	eng
seaman	NN	eng	eng
scorpion's	PM GEN	eng	eng
daring	VB ING	eng	eng
coase's	PM GEN	eng	eng
serine	NN	eng	eng
carpets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
additives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
greenway	PM NOM	eng	eng
pittsburg	PM NOM	eng	eng
repressing	VB ING	eng	eng
mather	PM NOM	eng	eng
cholesterol	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
displaces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
scripted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
boseman	PM NOM	eng	eng
scribes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
symposium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
olive's	PM GEN	eng	eng
phonephucker	NN	eng	eng
ranger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
secreteriat	PM NOM	eng	eng
oddly	JJ POS	eng	eng
dreamscape	PM NOM	eng	eng
boringly	AB	eng	eng
abscissa	NN	eng	eng
fairburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
promicin	PM NOM	eng	eng
unlovable	JJ	eng	eng
arbiters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
superbuild	NN	eng	eng
dimly	AB	eng	eng
wedfye	PM NOM	eng	eng
pryor	PM NOM	eng	eng
free-market	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hush	PM NOM	eng	eng
falling	VB ING	eng	eng
archetype	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcclammer	PM NOM	eng	eng
lathan	PM NOM	eng	eng
voidable	JJ POS	eng	eng
nixon	PM NOM	eng	eng
cray	PM NOM	eng	eng
permanent	JJ POS	eng	eng
bloodworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
reelections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subtracts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
goodmans	PM GEN	eng	eng
mature	JJ POS	eng	eng
willow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
yawn	VB	eng	eng
revolve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
depreciation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fledgling	VB ING	eng	eng
defendants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
placers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
proportionately	AB	eng	eng
multifaceted	JJ POS	eng	eng
fundamentalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
westward	PM NOM	eng	eng
modus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
smoker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
abated	VB	eng	eng
massey	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccormick's	PM GEN	eng	eng
hadwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
hints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vocals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
days	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enamel	VB	eng	eng
zionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intramuscular	JJ POS	eng	eng
urgency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whips	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
landlord	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transformed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
serendipities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dropping	VB ING	eng	eng
anti-racist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rawden	PM NOM	eng	eng
bodywood	PM NOM	eng	eng
resumes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
celebrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rockstar	PM NOM	eng	eng
setups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eardley	PM NOM	eng	eng
styles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tentativeness	NN	eng	eng
hinders	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
marine's	PM GEN	eng	eng
thoroughgoingly	AB	eng	eng
behaviorists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nomadic	JJ POS	eng	eng
nautical	JJ	eng	eng
flashes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
aritha	PM NOM	eng	eng
grigsby's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mycronic	PM NOM	eng	eng
individuation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wealthier	JJ KOM	eng	eng
monroes	PM GEN	eng	eng
archetypes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
claridge's	PM GEN	eng	eng
popplewell	PM NOM	eng	eng
thirksby	PM NOM	eng	eng
senates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
more	PM NOM	eng	eng
sherrels	PM GEN	eng	eng
spate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
environ	NN	eng	eng
moons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rainbows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wherever	AB	eng	eng
delaney	PM NOM	eng	eng
changs	PM GEN	eng	eng
menacing	VB ING	eng	eng
boxer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
each	PN	eng	eng
dyad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mattress	NN	eng	eng
symposiums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
journalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
allusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
businesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
politicization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colonel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caine	PM NOM	eng	eng
sacramental	JJ POS	eng	eng
pondering	VB ING	eng	eng
cushioned	VB	eng	eng
enloe	PM NOM	eng	eng
midpoints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
justifiably	AB	eng	eng
campbell	PM NOM	eng	eng
statism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
streamlines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
distortions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
forging	PM NOM	eng	eng
freeways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exert	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
labours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hails	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reputation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pedagogy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
comparisons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subparagraphs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dictatorially	AB	eng	eng
map	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
immaculate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bioethic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
calibur	PM NOM	eng	eng
mediates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
tradedoubler	PM NOM	eng	eng
brady's	PM GEN	eng	eng
disentangled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
middlesex	PM NOM	eng	eng
dorham	PM NOM	eng	eng
haunts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
inmates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
delving	VB ING	eng	eng
defendant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boneyard	NN	eng	eng
litterature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
majoritarians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
correlational	JJ POS	eng	eng
thesaurus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
templates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recycle	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
treatmenice	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonmarket	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
escape	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
gram	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ephemerally	AB	eng	eng
upheaval	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
innocuously	AB	eng	eng
hutcheson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
o'dowd	PM NOM	eng	eng
programming	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
segmented	JJ POS	eng	eng
pumping	VB ING	eng	eng
golightly	AB	eng	eng
re-constructing	VB ING	eng	eng
mcmurtry	PM NOM	eng	eng
occupants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
zoning	VB ING	eng	eng
purchase	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
upshur	PM NOM	eng	eng
thinkers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ageing	VB ING	eng	eng
rooming-in	AB	eng	eng
easton	PM NOM	eng	eng
hurricane	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
astronomical	JJ POS	eng	eng
qualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
imagines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
callgirl	NN	eng	eng
whitely	AB	eng	eng
antibacterial	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
handcraft	NN	eng	eng
injected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hetfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
lovewell	PM NOM	eng	eng
adriatic	JJ	eng	eng
fetches	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lydstep's	PM GEN	eng	eng
corpse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
boldnesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nantucket	PM NOM	eng	eng
ecocity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rome	PM NOM	eng	eng
salads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
calculator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
basements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
drummond's	PM GEN	eng	eng
clancys	PM GEN	eng	eng
e-commerce	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
obligation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compendiums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hailwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
viral	JJ POS	eng	eng
south	AB	eng	eng
effortful	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-system	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
marvin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
alongside	PP	eng	eng
synergies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sovereignty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lawy	PM NOM	eng	eng
non-traditional	JJ POS	eng	eng
naively	AB	eng	eng
weakness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
joanies	PM GEN	eng	eng
apostles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poldark	PM NOM	eng	eng
environments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lochlyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychoanalysis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cruellest	JJ	eng	eng
withdrawing	VB ING	eng	eng
bananas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counterbalance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outstanding	JJ POS	eng	eng
inhibit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sinners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
graw	PM NOM	eng	eng
boxtrolls	PM NOM	eng	eng
spirals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
o'hearn	PM NOM	eng	eng
characterised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
franchisor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incumbents	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obedience	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
switchcom	PM NOM	eng	eng
evaluating	VB ING	eng	eng
foreseen	VB PAP	eng	eng
enticing	VB ING	eng	eng
bookshop	NN	eng	eng
bysshe	PM NOM	eng	eng
connetcted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bronzes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
centering	VB ING	eng	eng
law	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proprioceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
worcester	PM NOM	eng	eng
nationalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subsided	VB PAP	eng	eng
coexisting	VB ING	eng	eng
whitefield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mice	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
baylea	PM NOM	eng	eng
macgyver	PM NOM	eng	eng
intensively	AB	eng	eng
misreading	VB ING	eng	eng
crops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bloodless	JJ POS	eng	eng
arthur	PM NOM	eng	eng
uncomfortably	AB	eng	eng
graeme	PM NOM	eng	eng
stuke	PM NOM	eng	eng
distinctly	AB	eng	eng
carework	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
colleagues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
caterhams	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcwhirter	PM NOM	eng	eng
bartholomey	PM NOM	eng	eng
goodenough	AB	eng	eng
adherences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
planet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
devising	VB ING	eng	eng
clubs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
authorization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
carrots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interrelationships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
horrendously	AB	eng	eng
littleman	PM NOM	eng	eng
huntingdon	PM NOM	eng	eng
objectivities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thole	NN	eng	eng
fearing	VB ING	eng	eng
weighty	JJ POS	eng	eng
counterbalanced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
oppose	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
high	JJ POS	eng	eng
pea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wiser	JJ KOM	eng	eng
wildernesses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
certainty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcgarvies	PM NOM	eng	eng
basing	VB ING	eng	eng
thankful	JJ POS	eng	eng
fragmentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expressiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lionquest	PM NOM	eng	eng
allwar	PM NOM	eng	eng
mohanty	PM NOM	eng	eng
waynesboro	PM NOM	eng	eng
inherits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
micro-level	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gospel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
puppies	NN	eng	eng
romance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accrue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
beaches	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
whiskers	NN	eng	eng
volountary	JJ POS	eng	eng
sociable	JJ POS	eng	eng
physiologist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
universals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
futures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
balmoral	PM NOM	eng	eng
quarrymen	PM NOM	eng	eng
sewages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doctor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sherrill	PM NOM	eng	eng
wiring	VB	eng	eng
masson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
doors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
report	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
desocialization	NN	eng	eng
renaissance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gorton	PM NOM	eng	eng
frances	PM NOM	eng	eng
leverage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extraverted	JJ POS	eng	eng
antecedents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gymnastic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
differently	AB	eng	eng
celebratory	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rearranged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
troughton	PM NOM	eng	eng
paranoias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trademark	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
linguistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
sultee-centered	JJ POS	eng	eng
companionship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foragers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
surfaced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
para	JJ POS	eng	eng
sequences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rumours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
terms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
keyword	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cavendish	PM NOM	eng	eng
revolutionises	VB	eng	eng
bligh	PM NOM	eng	eng
worldbank	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hand	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
seduces	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
psychographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
fielder	PM NOM	eng	eng
shortening	VB ING	eng	eng
inward	JJ POS	eng	eng
spanish's	PM GEN	eng	eng
electrode	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reviewing	VB ING	eng	eng
kearny	PM NOM	eng	eng
forecasting	VB ING	eng	eng
senator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
invoking	VB ING	eng	eng
varies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
whity	PM NOM	eng	eng
israeli	JJ POS	eng	eng
dolphin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
help-rejecting	JJ	eng	eng
thorpe	PM NOM	eng	eng
amenities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vegetations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kettle	PM NOM	eng	eng
imposes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
setup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
style	NN	eng	eng
projected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
guessing	VB ING	eng	eng
vocal	JJ POS	eng	eng
septic	JJ	eng	eng
scaled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
flourish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
systemic	JJ POS	eng	eng
periphery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
watery	JJ	eng	eng
fostering	VB ING	eng	eng
south-east	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wetherby	PM NOM	eng	eng
demolitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
problems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
polycentric	JJ POS	eng	eng
tranquillity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
avoidant	JJ POS	eng	eng
newmar	PM NOM	eng	eng
bryquis	PM NOM	eng	eng
cyberbully	NN	eng	eng
traced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
disrespects	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
counterproductive	JJ POS	eng	eng
hematology	NN	eng	eng
housekeeper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
luncheons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plague	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
salter's	PM GEN	eng	eng
place	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
denomination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exhibition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
munros	PM GEN	eng	eng
cuisines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dispense	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dialectical	JJ POS	eng	eng
blindness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
leppard	PM NOM	eng	eng
nasty	JJ POS	eng	eng
tickled	VB	eng	eng
deviancy	NN	eng	eng
speleers	PM NOM	eng	eng
winfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcphail	PM NOM	eng	eng
heartland	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
moores	PM GEN	eng	eng
harsher	JJ KOM	eng	eng
roadmap	NN	eng	eng
eddie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tougher	JJ KOM	eng	eng
croxford	PM NOM	eng	eng
injunctions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
every	PN	eng	eng
learys	PM GEN	eng	eng
coveted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
methodists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
defining	VB ING	eng	eng
vestiges	NN	eng	eng
ornamentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cancers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
explications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conways	PM NOM	eng	eng
brantly	PM NOM	eng	eng
furies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
picks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
quizet	NN NEU SIN DEF NOM	eng	eng
myrtle	PM NOM	eng	eng
unfortunately	AB	eng	eng
tropical	JJ POS	eng	eng
rowbotham	PM NOM	eng	eng
roughley	PM NOM	eng	eng
spoonful	NN	eng	eng
burt's	PM GEN	eng	eng
intake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-given	JJ POS	eng	eng
hispanic	JJ POS	eng	eng
scolds	VB	eng	eng
detectors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
misrepresentations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brain's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
earthly	AB	eng	eng
regularity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonprofit	JJ POS	eng	eng
algorithm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
connotations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
positions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
findley	PM NOM	eng	eng
hampson	PM NOM	eng	eng
woolly	JJ	eng	eng
predominantly	AB	eng	eng
chieftainship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
directly	AB	eng	eng
plank	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wants	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
onlookers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
well-heeled	JJ	eng	eng
next	JJ POS	eng	eng
arcade	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spectre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monolithic	JJ POS	eng	eng
faiths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kinematic	JJ	eng	eng
nondepressed	JJ POS	eng	eng
harbor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
panels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regressively	AB	eng	eng
funnier	JJ	eng	eng
pitchfork	PM NOM	eng	eng
transform	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
subsystem	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
decreed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ms	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pavement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
devil	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
o'donnell	PM NOM	eng	eng
capitalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
right-wing	JJ POS	eng	eng
derek	PM NOM	eng	eng
statues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
genesect	PM NOM	eng	eng
landrum	PM NOM	eng	eng
substantive	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
homeless	JJ POS	eng	eng
multi-culturally	AB	eng	eng
gameplay	NN	eng	eng
nipple	NN	eng	eng
dualist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
challenging	JJ POS	eng	eng
evades	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cares	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
negation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
missions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grossbusters	PM NOM	eng	eng
redesigned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
faulkner's	PM GEN	eng	eng
desserts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kudrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodall	PM NOM	eng	eng
syracuse	PM NOM	eng	eng
brick	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-description	NN	eng	eng
delay	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prewar	JJ POS	eng	eng
sadden	VB	eng	eng
mcconaughey	PM NOM	eng	eng
memoing	VB ING	eng	eng
mending	VB	eng	eng
vagaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
organizers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
livermore	PM NOM	eng	eng
imitated	JJ POS	eng	eng
compounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adjective	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legitimize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ruminating	JJ	eng	eng
gaily	AB	eng	eng
commences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gammas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disconfirmed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
intersquash	PM NOM	eng	eng
conscious	JJ POS	eng	eng
grail	PM NOM	eng	eng
buffered	JJ	eng	eng
herolds	PM GEN	eng	eng
uninformed	JJ POS	eng	eng
borgeous	PM NOM	eng	eng
catching	VB ING	eng	eng
his	PN	eng	eng
legislators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
graveyard	PM NOM	eng	eng
unfounded	JJ POS	eng	eng
verandahs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gee	PM NOM	eng	eng
colonies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disconnected	JJ POS	eng	eng
scoutline	PM NOM	eng	eng
grice	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcknight's	PM GEN	eng	eng
methaphorical	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inferences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
twelve	RG	eng	eng
sara	PM NOM	eng	eng
creedon	PM NOM	eng	eng
oppress	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
healthy	JJ POS	eng	eng
illuminated	JJ POS	eng	eng
chore	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
wove	VB PRT	eng	eng
waterstones	PM GEN	eng	eng
brashares	PM NOM	eng	eng
macqueen	PM NOM	eng	eng
mitigate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lettuces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lightly	AB	eng	eng
earthquakes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hypersexuality	NN	eng	eng
foreplay	NN	eng	eng
cheyman	PM NOM	eng	eng
braving	VB	eng	eng
bands	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
slim	JJ POS	eng	eng
interdoor	PM NOM	eng	eng
minds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ambivalently	AB	eng	eng
policy-maker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
roadmovie	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
denmark	PM NOM	eng	eng
swimmer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
choral	JJ	eng	eng
relaxed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gerald	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcspirit	PM NOM	eng	eng
whitney	PM NOM	eng	eng
stripes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tweak	PM NOM	eng	eng
barkevious	PM NOM	eng	eng
focussing	VB	eng	eng
relevantly	AB	eng	eng
spelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
moonraker	PM NOM	eng	eng
escalates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
traits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lovett	PM NOM	eng	eng
civilian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expenditure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
british's	PM GEN	eng	eng
finishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
roasting	VB ING	eng	eng
smalley	PM NOM	eng	eng
prompted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cosy	JJ POS	eng	eng
categorizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stereotactic	JJ POS	eng	eng
selve	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
experimenting	VB ING	eng	eng
pleasure	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blackledge	PM NOM	eng	eng
recommendation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shena	PM NOM	eng	eng
trinitarianly	AB	eng	eng
shears	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
extraverts	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amplifying	VB ING	eng	eng
flickery	PM NOM	eng	eng
rosemery	PM NOM	eng	eng
badjie	PM NOM	eng	eng
minimization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
terrace	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
insolvency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paybacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
naturalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
writing	VB ING	eng	eng
stoic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
egypt	PM NOM	eng	eng
bridgette	PM NOM	eng	eng
superhenge	PM NOM	eng	eng
blown	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
markings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
wolstencroft	PM NOM	eng	eng
attributed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
zumwalt	PM NOM	eng	eng
parishes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pandemic	JJ	eng	eng
porks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anger	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
statesman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
talk	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
slightly	AB	eng	eng
scorns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
periodicals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
revisionist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pledging	VB ING	eng	eng
seminal	JJ POS	eng	eng
normalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
machine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
import	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
allyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
screens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
villager	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweet'n	NN	eng	eng
symmetrical	JJ POS	eng	eng
weeks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fletch	PM NOM	eng	eng
distribution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
romanians	NN PLU	eng	eng
skyward	NN	eng	eng
kingsbarns	PM NOM	eng	eng
endlessly	AB	eng	eng
quint	PM NOM	eng	eng
catchments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
starlord	PM NOM	eng	eng
warming	VB ING	eng	eng
reexamines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chanceries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
genealogically	AB	eng	eng
effective	JJ POS	eng	eng
springsteens	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcdonnell's	PM GEN	eng	eng
entrepreneurial	JJ POS	eng	eng
hospitalisation	NN	eng	eng
suspected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
comments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
madder	JJ	eng	eng
legally	AB	eng	eng
unofficial	JJ POS	eng	eng
populate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
capabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
punched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
skepticisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
borrowed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
cranston	PM NOM	eng	eng
internationalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sea	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
idyllic	JJ POS	eng	eng
conformed	JJ POS	eng	eng
feminists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
actually	AB	eng	eng
sherrington	PM NOM	eng	eng
bimobject	PM NOM	eng	eng
phased	JJ POS	eng	eng
grove's	PM GEN	eng	eng
crossdressing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
professed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
quietest	JJ	eng	eng
lobbies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
noisily	AB	eng	eng
migrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subalterns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
arlene's	PM GEN	eng	eng
maintainabillity	JJ	eng	eng
apparently	AB	eng	eng
superman	PM NOM	eng	eng
hathaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
autism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deterrent	JJ POS	eng	eng
congestions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cleef	PM NOM	eng	eng
squatter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apprenticeship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweatshop	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
escalated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hayden-hole	PM NOM	eng	eng
t-bear	PM NOM	eng	eng
mass-market	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
illustratively	AB	eng	eng
immigration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arrogantly	AB	eng	eng
enclave	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
temps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neurolinguistic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thirteens	RO GEN	eng	eng
aisles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subsidizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
abc	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mobilize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
metacognitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cooker	NN	eng	eng
sorensen	PM NOM	eng	eng
anglo-american	JJ POS	eng	eng
impossibilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
confounder	NN	eng	eng
authoritarianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
impeded	VB PAP	eng	eng
stalls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
newport	PM NOM	eng	eng
high-school	NN	eng	eng
subdue	VB	eng	eng
monochrome	JJ POS	eng	eng
operated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
database	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
correspond	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
slingshot	NN	eng	eng
lillard	PM NOM	eng	eng
staining	VB ING	eng	eng
territories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
derided	VB PAP	eng	eng
eviler	JJ	eng	eng
woking	VB	eng	eng
connote	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
semi	JJ POS	eng	eng
pancreatitis	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cruelty	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
precocious	JJ POS	eng	eng
attainments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dread	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
osby	PM NOM	eng	eng
pressed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
libertarianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tradewind	PM NOM	eng	eng
trophies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frankys	PM GEN	eng	eng
ostentatious	JJ POS	eng	eng
liquidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aircrash	NN	eng	eng
sporadic	JJ POS	eng	eng
chiryze	PM NOM	eng	eng
establish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
re-ordering	VB ING	eng	eng
sugar	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
desert	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
predispose	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
eligible	JJ POS	eng	eng
telecommunication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
systemation	NN	eng	eng
caldwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
restraint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
suffocation	NN	eng	eng
louisiana	PM NOM	eng	eng
expected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
denote	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sounded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mcafee	PM NOM	eng	eng
trope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
direct	JJ POS	eng	eng
esoteric	JJ POS	eng	eng
bond	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prudence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
milieu	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
enjoined	JJ POS	eng	eng
suffer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
edgy	JJ	eng	eng
utilization-focused	JJ POS	eng	eng
tourisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scornfully	AB	eng	eng
prisons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deployed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
invested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fanatical	JJ POS	eng	eng
eager	JJ POS	eng	eng
cooperate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
innocences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
exploits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
newhaven	PM NOM	eng	eng
grandiose	JJ POS	eng	eng
string	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thief	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tangling	VB ING	eng	eng
saharan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bicalutamide	PM NOM	eng	eng
paxton	PM NOM	eng	eng
spoil	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lion's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
mccleary	PM NOM	eng	eng
clubbed	VB	eng	eng
explicated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
straightest	JJ	eng	eng
wool	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
croasmun	PM NOM	eng	eng
wings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
professes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pregnancy-related	JJ	eng	eng
perceiving	VB ING	eng	eng
gratuitous	JJ POS	eng	eng
keeper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fidgeon	PM NOM	eng	eng
pleasantville	PM NOM	eng	eng
waves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suggestively	AB	eng	eng
indulgent	JJ POS	eng	eng
boyalife	PM NOM	eng	eng
psychohistories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
motions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
halliday	PM NOM	eng	eng
iberia	PM NOM	eng	eng
thursday's	PM GEN	eng	eng
multifactor	NN	eng	eng
perhaps	AB	eng	eng
braine	PM NOM	eng	eng
dwyane	PM NOM	eng	eng
arsher	PM NOM	eng	eng
peacocks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expendable	JJ POS	eng	eng
master	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
courtyards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reduced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nation-state	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lansbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
racializing	VB ING	eng	eng
ped	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fluctuates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
broadcast	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sanguine	JJ POS	eng	eng
park	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
intractable	JJ POS	eng	eng
thornthwaites	PM GEN	eng	eng
composer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lumber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nugget's	PM NOM	eng	eng
vegetarianism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sorbets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interweaving	VB ING	eng	eng
kieron	PM NOM	eng	eng
leaning	VB ING	eng	eng
ability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
excerpts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
out-of-school	AB	eng	eng
entrenchment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
widowed	JJ POS	eng	eng
economic	JJ POS	eng	eng
stephens	PM NOM	eng	eng
rihanna	PM NOM	eng	eng
perished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
occlusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
to	IN	eng	eng
harmonies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ashcraft	PM NOM	eng	eng
primate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postcards	NN	eng	eng
reorganizing	VB ING	eng	eng
adressing	VB ING	eng	eng
biodiversity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mobilisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rewinded	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unmarked	JJ POS	eng	eng
contamination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counterbalancing	VB ING	eng	eng
advertises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suplee	PM NOM	eng	eng
alienating	VB ING	eng	eng
inspected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
actual	JJ POS	eng	eng
coons	PM NOM	eng	eng
preconditions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sam's	PM GEN	eng	eng
fullest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
astonish	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
core	NN	eng	eng
aids-related	JJ	eng	eng
repugnant	JJ POS	eng	eng
boils	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
frameset	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clementine	PM NOM	eng	eng
behold	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
staffs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disturbance-producing	JJ	eng	eng
ranged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
paling	VB	eng	eng
pinching	VB	eng	eng
homogenous	JJ POS	eng	eng
curves	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hotels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
poultry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bowlers	PM NOM	eng	eng
drum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subcutaneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
brooks	PM NOM	eng	eng
see	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
skyscrapers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
empathizing	VB ING	eng	eng
recombination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
northvale	PM NOM	eng	eng
connerton	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccord	PM NOM	eng	eng
administration's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
tarley	PM NOM	eng	eng
arrangements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
requires	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mrs.	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
separation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ornament	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deafhood	PM NOM	eng	eng
deanne	PM NOM	eng	eng
hillsden	PM NOM	eng	eng
academic	JJ POS	eng	eng
stratum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
homeowners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lions-quest	PM NOM	eng	eng
posthumous	JJ	eng	eng
fates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anyways	AB	eng	eng
pairing	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corkingdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
accommodates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mommies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gaelic	JJ POS	eng	eng
muckle	PM NOM	eng	eng
listens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
derive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
activate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
drainages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aggravates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
birder's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
cap	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
planetaries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compelling	VB ING	eng	eng
sourcream	NN	eng	eng
virulently	AB	eng	eng
smoked	JJ POS	eng	eng
buprenorphine	PM NOM	eng	eng
shoemakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
virgil	PM NOM	eng	eng
hire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intelligentsias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sickness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
groundwater	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plunging	VB ING	eng	eng
continuance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vainer	JJ	eng	eng
polished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
brigadoon	PM NOM	eng	eng
slight	JJ POS	eng	eng
abbreviated	JJ POS	eng	eng
exposition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
videotapes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
irrevocably	AB	eng	eng
stationary	JJ POS	eng	eng
appeasement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tentative	JJ POS	eng	eng
maine	PM NOM	eng	eng
biograph	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rusbridger	PM NOM	eng	eng
commenced	JJ POS	eng	eng
movy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teleportishead	PM NOM	eng	eng
crise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
praising	VB ING	eng	eng
teacher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
timothey	PM NOM	eng	eng
rehabilitates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
jeff's	PM GEN	eng	eng
responders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
attributions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gentile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
patentable	JJ POS	eng	eng
teaser	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pointlessly	AB	eng	eng
irritable	JJ POS	eng	eng
faithfully	AB	eng	eng
generalizability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
antithetically	AB	eng	eng
chip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
phenotype	NN	eng	eng
moralist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adaptive	JJ POS	eng	eng
electrophysiologically	AB	eng	eng
councils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sorrow	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rescued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
priesthoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
knives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kiley	PM NOM	eng	eng
sourcebooks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tunisia	PM NOM	eng	eng
implicate	JJ POS	eng	eng
robot	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emigrants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
picturesque	JJ POS	eng	eng
neutralized	VB PAP	eng	eng
demesne	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mckeganey	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcgahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
blockages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emphatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
acceded	VB PAP	eng	eng
creativity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mindhunter	PM NOM	eng	eng
citizen's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
thistle	PM NOM	eng	eng
lifetime	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
croats	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lay	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
surmising	VB ING	eng	eng
provokes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cassette	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
catterall	PM NOM	eng	eng
ad-busting	NN	eng	eng
wrays	PM GEN	eng	eng
dynamiques	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prospered	JJ POS	eng	eng
conceptually	AB	eng	eng
structuralism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nursery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mike	PM NOM	eng	eng
resemblances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bake	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
slimly	AB	eng	eng
interceptors	NN	eng	eng
deservedly	AB	eng	eng
johnson-laird	PM NOM	eng	eng
invariantly	AB	eng	eng
daybreakers	PM NOM	eng	eng
pacey	PM NOM	eng	eng
unwittingly	AB	eng	eng
four-year-old	JJ	eng	eng
arrange	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
october	NN	eng	eng
disentangling	VB ING	eng	eng
breathes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
intersects	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
episode	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
trust	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
armenians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bighorn	NN	eng	eng
phoning	VB	eng	eng
huston's	PM GEN	eng	eng
britney	PM NOM	eng	eng
dancehall	PM NOM	eng	eng
competitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
voluntarism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
owning	VB ING	eng	eng
downloading	VB ING	eng	eng
agglomeration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mind-sets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
battery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
categorised	JJ POS	eng	eng
rolls	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
heathen	JJ POS	eng	eng
campaigned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
synthesizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
grew	VB PST	eng	eng
puffer	NN	eng	eng
inception	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
superficialities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fundamentalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sloped	VB PRT	eng	eng
lemonade	NN	eng	eng
sobriety	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-other	NN	eng	eng
norgine	PM NOM	eng	eng
wombs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccormick	PM NOM	eng	eng
rediscovery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sweeting	VB	eng	eng
dire	JJ	eng	eng
portions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
backlashes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bynes	PM NOM	eng	eng
adams-stokes	PM NOM	eng	eng
boundlessly	AB	eng	eng
high-level	JJ POS	eng	eng
echoing	VB ING	eng	eng
dramatically	AB	eng	eng
jazz	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
customised	VB PAP	eng	eng
descents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fluctuation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
juridically	AB	eng	eng
weave	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
calfree's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mindstorm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
birth	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coarsest	JJ	eng	eng
disadvantaged's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
barren	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perpetrator	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
betweening	VB	eng	eng
fragment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perceptively	AB	eng	eng
outpatients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cycling	VB ING	eng	eng
regiments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ancients	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pritchett	PM NOM	eng	eng
pilger's	PM GEN	eng	eng
reinvestment	NN	eng	eng
marjorie	PM NOM	eng	eng
refuges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cleverley	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethos	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
audience's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
mcglashan	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcenroes	PM GEN	eng	eng
trip	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
downing's	PM GEN	eng	eng
cultic	JJ POS	eng	eng
irrigated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
finalize	VB	eng	eng
mossbourne's	PM GEN	eng	eng
booth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
braye	PM NOM	eng	eng
flips	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
immigrates	VB	eng	eng
simmer	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mcgrew	PM NOM	eng	eng
generating	VB ING	eng	eng
branaghs	PM GEN	eng	eng
opera	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
six-year-olds	NN PLU	eng	eng
sensitization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scotland	PM NOM	eng	eng
oswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
unkind	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
bathrooms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tendering	VB ING	eng	eng
ghettos	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
airwars	PM NOM	eng	eng
subways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
salvage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcshane	PM NOM	eng	eng
denouncing	VB ING	eng	eng
untie	VB	eng	eng
recommenced	VB PRT	eng	eng
clause	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jeeves	PM NOM	eng	eng
notes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
powergirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
redevelopments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
craizy	JJ	eng	eng
dandelion	NN	eng	eng
prowse	PM NOM	eng	eng
propelling	VB ING	eng	eng
distresses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nowson	PM NOM	eng	eng
fleshes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
workaholics	NN	eng	eng
reserved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shanice	PM NOM	eng	eng
couldn	VB	eng	eng
garage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rodneys	PM GEN	eng	eng
inclination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infractions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pharmaceu	AB	eng	eng
oldest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
experimented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
scrivener	PM NOM	eng	eng
captains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inter-group	JJ POS	eng	eng
cantle's	PM GEN	eng	eng
escrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
norfolk	PM NOM	eng	eng
dramatise	VB	eng	eng
indisputable	JJ POS	eng	eng
sequenced	VB PRT	eng	eng
statutory	JJ POS	eng	eng
health-enhancing	JJ	eng	eng
warmshowers	PM NOM	eng	eng
stewards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
morely	AB	eng	eng
santa's	PM GEN	eng	eng
instruments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hypertexts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
matchtown	PM NOM	eng	eng
pthreads	NN	eng	eng
elaborate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
defending	VB ING	eng	eng
issued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bromwich	PM NOM	eng	eng
bibliotherapy	NN	eng	eng
kissinger's	PM GEN	eng	eng
stratton	PM NOM	eng	eng
deleterious	JJ POS	eng	eng
recognizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cate's	PM GEN	eng	eng
bristols	PM GEN	eng	eng
cannot	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
o'love	PM NOM	eng	eng
blessedly	AB	eng	eng
luckier	JJ	eng	eng
skyes	PM GEN	eng	eng
chinese	PM NOM	eng	eng
stoke-on-trent's	PM GEN	eng	eng
steele's	PM GEN	eng	eng
addressing	VB ING	eng	eng
malevolently	AB	eng	eng
dissipated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stiffening	VB	eng	eng
lionheart	PM NOM	eng	eng
overestimating	VB ING	eng	eng
countrymen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modernisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crazes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rural-urban	JJ POS	eng	eng
settings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fogerty	PM NOM	eng	eng
dohertys	PM GEN	eng	eng
location	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-recorded	NN	eng	eng
travellers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clearwater	PM NOM	eng	eng
criticisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aggressiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
awes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
neoliberalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eagleheart	PM NOM	eng	eng
skeptically	AB	eng	eng
deuze	PM NOM	eng	eng
humankind	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
demonstrate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
occured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
counterposed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
visited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
skjei	PM NOM	eng	eng
casterly	PM NOM	eng	eng
expiry	JJ POS	eng	eng
infidelities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disabilities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
qlikview	PM NOM	eng	eng
cautions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
avoid	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
allport	PM NOM	eng	eng
lizard	NN	eng	eng
thrilling	JJ	eng	eng
stays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
nike's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pig	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
appending	VB	eng	eng
intersected	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
subgroups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
superbook	PM NOM	eng	eng
steadying	VB	eng	eng
inwardly	AB	eng	eng
desk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
farrows	PM GEN	eng	eng
actualizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bereaved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tortoise	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
treads	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
dosing	VB	eng	eng
lunsford	PM NOM	eng	eng
grohl	PM NOM	eng	eng
fidget	NN	eng	eng
hypertensive	JJ	eng	eng
broad's	PM GEN	eng	eng
potteries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ascribe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
beautiful	JJ POS	eng	eng
stroke	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
goldplating	NN	eng	eng
mountbatten	PM NOM	eng	eng
black	JJ POS	eng	eng
adrenarche	NN	eng	eng
quick-fix	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
acquisitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
buddenbrooks	PM NOM	eng	eng
sabotages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
aubrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
instructional	JJ POS	eng	eng
carrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
doctor-patient	NN	eng	eng
sneak'em	VB	eng	eng
reconfigured	JJ POS	eng	eng
aldwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
consults	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
raynham	PM NOM	eng	eng
kilometre	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spin-doctor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
earthscan	PM NOM	eng	eng
twin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
darklings	PM GEN	eng	eng
bioavailability	NN	eng	eng
nepotism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disconfirming	VB ING	eng	eng
mulder	PM NOM	eng	eng
romsey	PM NOM	eng	eng
rookes	PM GEN	eng	eng
masking	VB ING	eng	eng
price	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sermons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thundermans	PM GEN	eng	eng
digital	JJ POS	eng	eng
mckinley	PM NOM	eng	eng
recover	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
acknowledgment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cought	VB	eng	eng
catalogues	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acontextual	JJ	eng	eng
packaged	JJ POS	eng	eng
highlanders	PM GEN	eng	eng
relapses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
peasantry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bullyings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
divisive	JJ POS	eng	eng
ecofuel	NN	eng	eng
suburb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
highly	AB	eng	eng
impenetrable	JJ POS	eng	eng
clifton	PM NOM	eng	eng
hubs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
doctorally	AB	eng	eng
depressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pam's	PM GEN	eng	eng
wallisch	PM NOM	eng	eng
cherwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
thirdly	AB	eng	eng
replicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
kidron	PM NOM	eng	eng
sexing	VB ING	eng	eng
militia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
giveth	VB	eng	eng
anorgasmic	JJ	eng	eng
figured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
geoffrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
hospitalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nettey	PM NOM	eng	eng
rained	VB PRT	eng	eng
pumpin	VB	eng	eng
resurgences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cowgill	PM NOM	eng	eng
tarnished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ransome	PM NOM	eng	eng
plight	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
requests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dubious	JJ POS	eng	eng
prophet	PM NOM	eng	eng
matching	VB ING	eng	eng
pooling	VB ING	eng	eng
mcdermut	PM NOM	eng	eng
compiled	JJ POS	eng	eng
self-relations	NN	eng	eng
bofey	PM NOM	eng	eng
murderer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extrapolate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
disobey	VB	eng	eng
reconnect	VB	eng	eng
electronic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
7-repeat	NN	eng	eng
melted	JJ POS	eng	eng
humanity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
programs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
followups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
berkshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
overload	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
binge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
literature	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yoder	PM NOM	eng	eng
rivalries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lonsdale	PM NOM	eng	eng
nonspecific	JJ POS	eng	eng
wishing	VB ING	eng	eng
campfire	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repaer	PM NOM	eng	eng
dunne	PM NOM	eng	eng
pinehurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
elworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
browning	PM NOM	eng	eng
rathe	PM NOM	eng	eng
lashawn	PM NOM	eng	eng
spyware	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cowardly	AB	eng	eng
velocities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gilbert	PM NOM	eng	eng
orators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hornblower	PM NOM	eng	eng
mind-reading	VB	eng	eng
middlebrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
goode	PM NOM	eng	eng
reductionisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lounsbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
outwards	AB	eng	eng
replicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
moocall	PM NOM	eng	eng
stewie	PM NOM	eng	eng
directorates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lindsays	PM GEN	eng	eng
shrugged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
hoax	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
loui	PM NOM	eng	eng
optimized	VB PAP	eng	eng
unicorn	NN	eng	eng
interactionally	AB	eng	eng
surveillances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tactilely	AB	eng	eng
hubbard	PM NOM	eng	eng
fairley	PM NOM	eng	eng
aykroyd	PM NOM	eng	eng
catalogue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
synchronized	JJ POS	eng	eng
salesman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chicagogirl	PM NOM	eng	eng
huddlestone	PM NOM	eng	eng
cyber	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mr	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brackets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kashmary	PM NOM	eng	eng
domicile	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
brittany	PM NOM	eng	eng
credibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
timidly	AB	eng	eng
weaves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cushman	PM NOM	eng	eng
births	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
act	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
reliably	AB	eng	eng
principled	JJ POS	eng	eng
dormant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gunmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
remind	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
readings	PM NOM	eng	eng
suffragette	NN	eng	eng
whistle-blower	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lyles	PM NOM	eng	eng
ecclesiologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disjunctively	AB	eng	eng
gloriously	AB	eng	eng
camouflages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kamloops	PM NOM	eng	eng
underlie	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
immanently	AB	eng	eng
consciousness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consumtion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hedonism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
thin	JJ POS	eng	eng
revises	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unfulfilled	JJ POS	eng	eng
wholly	AB	eng	eng
homme's	PM GEN	eng	eng
informally	AB	eng	eng
curled	VB PRT	eng	eng
quilt	PM NOM	eng	eng
mileage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
counterhegemonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
kenwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
hazeltine	PM NOM	eng	eng
traditionalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sublimations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extravagantly	AB	eng	eng
implication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
afford	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
divested	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
purely	AB	eng	eng
hefford	PM NOM	eng	eng
warwick's	PM GEN	eng	eng
informality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
playdough	NN	eng	eng
overdue	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
deregulating	VB	eng	eng
widely	AB	eng	eng
sweetheart	NN	eng	eng
rawest	JJ	eng	eng
preferring	VB ING	eng	eng
serving	VB ING	eng	eng
unproductive	JJ POS	eng	eng
operas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yeardley	PM NOM	eng	eng
straits	PM GEN	eng	eng
peliwo	PM NOM	eng	eng
filially	AB	eng	eng
dogmatics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
macdougall	PM NOM	eng	eng
referendum	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
humankinds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lonesome	JJ	eng	eng
criticism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bribery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
traveller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whispering	VB ING	eng	eng
interspersed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
plurality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scratchys	PM GEN	eng	eng
resonant	JJ POS	eng	eng
jayhawks	PM NOM	eng	eng
transculturally	AB	eng	eng
necessitate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bombers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
modernism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
artificially	AB	eng	eng
objectivist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
third-party	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cheapness	NN	eng	eng
durable	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uneducated	JJ POS	eng	eng
neverstore	PM NOM	eng	eng
ware	JJ POS	eng	eng
masturbation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
accompaniment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kilometres	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
architecture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
uploading	VB ING	eng	eng
interdependences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
electricity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
constituted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
basketballs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mixing	VB ING	eng	eng
embroidered	JJ POS	eng	eng
displaced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
suspense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
despair	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overtaker	NN	eng	eng
sector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sustains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
foregoing	JJ POS	eng	eng
neoliberal	JJ POS	eng	eng
endothelial	JJ	eng	eng
majority	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psycho-dynamic	JJ POS	eng	eng
jewelry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pre-islamic	JJ POS	eng	eng
accordingly	AB	eng	eng
hijazz	PM NOM	eng	eng
retrievability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
compete	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sociobiologically	AB	eng	eng
dashing	JJ	eng	eng
sulphonamides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swetourism	PM NOM	eng	eng
bridie	NN	eng	eng
lawes	PM NOM	eng	eng
meaninglessness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dandelions	PM GEN	eng	eng
unending	JJ POS	eng	eng
budgets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
imaging	JJ POS	eng	eng
armitstead	PM NOM	eng	eng
simple	JJ POS	eng	eng
hide-and-seek	NN	eng	eng
jablin	PM NOM	eng	eng
wiskott	PM NOM	eng	eng
craze	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multi-valued	JJ POS	eng	eng
understands	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
vocations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hand-held	JJ POS	eng	eng
hangs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
effeminating	VB ING	eng	eng
metropolitan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
sketchy	JJ POS	eng	eng
alertly	AB	eng	eng
celebrated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bad	JJ POS	eng	eng
solving	VB ING	eng	eng
liberals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mid	JJ POS	eng	eng
childcare	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
industries	NN	eng	eng
rodgers	PM NOM	eng	eng
egocentrism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
established	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
finality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
perpetuation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
theosophical	JJ	eng	eng
releases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
susan	PM NOM	eng	eng
fairhurst	PM NOM	eng	eng
slowdowns	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interrogated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
editorially	AB	eng	eng
fortescue	PM NOM	eng	eng
event's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
maturely	AB	eng	eng
chunking	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
torode's	PM GEN	eng	eng
warlord	NN	eng	eng
demographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
swots	PM NOM	eng	eng
avoids	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
effectiveness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corwin	PM NOM	eng	eng
amphibian	NN	eng	eng
immigrate	VB	eng	eng
stasey	PM NOM	eng	eng
drafter	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
walmart	PM NOM	eng	eng
mesh	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evangelically	AB	eng	eng
recognize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
athlone	PM NOM	eng	eng
exams	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indiscriminate	JJ POS	eng	eng
glasspool	NN	eng	eng
blacks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
donates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
layman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
obtains	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
gamestudies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tread	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
elaborates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
starwing	PM NOM	eng	eng
subsisted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
organised	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
oneself	PN	eng	eng
apprehension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
updike	PM NOM	eng	eng
appear	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hypertext	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infringes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
takes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
conflict-filled	JJ POS	eng	eng
dramatises	VB	eng	eng
freeflow	NN	eng	eng
padstow	PM NOM	eng	eng
boring	JJ POS	eng	eng
conformity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
richmonds	PM NOM	eng	eng
juveniles	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hutcheson	PM NOM	eng	eng
hayle	PM NOM	eng	eng
triggered	JJ POS	eng	eng
principle-driven	JJ	eng	eng
succinctly	AB	eng	eng
greenham's	PM GEN	eng	eng
rooke	PM NOM	eng	eng
boosted	JJ POS	eng	eng
ruptures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
faradays	PM GEN	eng	eng
aylward	PM NOM	eng	eng
outlays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
reaffirmed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
disprove	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
expedite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
parent-child	JJ POS	eng	eng
hazy	JJ POS	eng	eng
reconceptualizing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
manager's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
figurine	NN	eng	eng
general-markets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ian	PM NOM	eng	eng
gervin	PM NOM	eng	eng
belief	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
houlihan	PM NOM	eng	eng
newburn	NN	eng	eng
windowless	NN	eng	eng
harassed	JJ POS	eng	eng
newsletters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
denscombe	PM NOM	eng	eng
affinity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
transcendentally	AB	eng	eng
prices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crucifixions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stood	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
humanisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inceptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
famous	JJ POS	eng	eng
defendant's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
amorphously	AB	eng	eng
debug	VB	eng	eng
tremayne	PM NOM	eng	eng
woodhull	PM NOM	eng	eng
stop	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
delegates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mind-map	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toil	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
heartfulness	NN	eng	eng
readjusts	VB	eng	eng
oppressive	JJ POS	eng	eng
seeman	PM NOM	eng	eng
broadcasted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
updating	VB ING	eng	eng
contractually	AB	eng	eng
claustrophobic	JJ	eng	eng
burbank	PM NOM	eng	eng
neuropsychology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
well-functioning	VB ING	eng	eng
dedicating	VB ING	eng	eng
aerial	JJ POS	eng	eng
cooperation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infiltration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indistinct	JJ	eng	eng
leaders	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pressured	JJ POS	eng	eng
trower	PM NOM	eng	eng
mansons	PM GEN	eng	eng
indicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
chatrooms	NN	eng	eng
internalises	VB	eng	eng
chaney	PM NOM	eng	eng
whiggism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
blueprinting	VB ING	eng	eng
lectured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unlikely	AB	eng	eng
navigating	VB ING	eng	eng
nyu	PM NOM	eng	eng
g-force	PM NOM	eng	eng
duckling	PM NOM	eng	eng
observing	VB ING	eng	eng
mackinley	PM NOM	eng	eng
theorized	VB PAP	eng	eng
x-axis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
broady's	PM GEN	eng	eng
reprisal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
standards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
thugshen	PM NOM	eng	eng
counterpoint	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
larklight	PM NOM	eng	eng
cherion	PM NOM	eng	eng
medfood	PM NOM	eng	eng
mindstorms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lakeshore	PM NOM	eng	eng
notice	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
marvellous	JJ POS	eng	eng
bloth	PM NOM	eng	eng
keynote	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
stifling	VB ING	eng	eng
stylizing	VB	eng	eng
binges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
memorializing	VB ING	eng	eng
do	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
ambitiously	AB	eng	eng
boys	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ironic	JJ POS	eng	eng
half-time	NN	eng	eng
fourteen	RG NOM	eng	eng
summarizer	NN	eng	eng
ojai	PM NOM	eng	eng
militants	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
apprentices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carnevale	PM NOM	eng	eng
pathogenesis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aceproject	NN	eng	eng
difficulties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elective	JJ POS	eng	eng
caridee	PM NOM	eng	eng
tweener	PM NOM	eng	eng
gastank	PM NOM	eng	eng
edible	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcdonagh	PM NOM	eng	eng
interdependently	AB	eng	eng
withdrews	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
focuse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
welcomed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unveiled	JJ POS	eng	eng
undergraduate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
woodson	PM NOM	eng	eng
stall	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
emergencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
responder	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amish	PM NOM	eng	eng
unfolding	VB ING	eng	eng
aisle	PM NOM	eng	eng
repatriation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
holistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
confluence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
momentously	AB	eng	eng
blackall	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cashpoint	PM NOM	eng	eng
goodpastures	PM NOM	eng	eng
weasel	PM NOM	eng	eng
seath	PM NOM	eng	eng
futurescapes	PM GEN	eng	eng
surely	AB	eng	eng
mccaig	PM NOM	eng	eng
pioneers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ducks	NN - PLU IND NOM	eng	eng
popularities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unintelligible	JJ POS	eng	eng
dreads	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcschool	PM NOM	eng	eng
servicing	VB ING	eng	eng
intersect	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
defect	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prognostic	JJ	eng	eng
dives	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
painful	JJ POS	eng	eng
forwarded	VB PAP	eng	eng
transition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mylonite	NN	eng	eng
victors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
full	JJ POS	eng	eng
delocated	JJ	eng	eng
mimicry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nonviolence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intimates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mcdonnell	PM NOM	eng	eng
energizing	VB ING	eng	eng
ratell	PM NOM	eng	eng
breakin	NN	eng	eng
mcclelland	PM NOM	eng	eng
penguines	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yankee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
simian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
franklin's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dynamique	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
postmodernities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deregisters	VB	eng	eng
cardinals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
donaghy	PM NOM	eng	eng
dungeon	NN	eng	eng
minireview	NN	eng	eng
roundly	AB	eng	eng
instruct	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sugars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
corking	VB	eng	eng
traditional	JJ POS	eng	eng
nervosa	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
adulterous	JJ	eng	eng
macdowell	PM NOM	eng	eng
renamed	JJ POS	eng	eng
forty-five	RG	eng	eng
tyne	PM NOM	eng	eng
replication	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
globalism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foursome	NN	eng	eng
latent	JJ POS	eng	eng
kaetlyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
tourist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
schoolgirls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
temperamental	JJ POS	eng	eng
forebrain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
they	PN	eng	eng
fox-pitt	PM NOM	eng	eng
bridgette's	PM GEN	eng	eng
lesbianstudies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spreadbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
skiing	VB ING	eng	eng
interventions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
plentiful	JJ POS	eng	eng
tropes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sub-cortical	JJ POS	eng	eng
seller	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lowborough's	PM GEN	eng	eng
wharf	PM NOM	eng	eng
particularist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revealing	VB ING	eng	eng
achiever	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gentle	JJ POS	eng	eng
practice-based	JJ	eng	eng
claxton	PM NOM	eng	eng
overlooks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
advertise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spoils	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
car	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clayton	PM NOM	eng	eng
faulty	JJ POS	eng	eng
resilient	JJ POS	eng	eng
hiding	VB ING	eng	eng
satisfies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
penny	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prolonging	VB ING	eng	eng
germanwings	PM NOM	eng	eng
burwick	PM NOM	eng	eng
endocrine	JJ POS	eng	eng
bonfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
videotape	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coding	VB ING	eng	eng
statesmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sharpens	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
comprehensibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revelations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bargains	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
nominating	VB ING	eng	eng
intercontinental	PM NOM	eng	eng
school-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
shoemaker	NN	eng	eng
hoxley	PM NOM	eng	eng
dressing	VB ING	eng	eng
allocate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
supervisees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
detachments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sherlock	PM NOM	eng	eng
arrivals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adjudicates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
aggravate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
evening	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refrained	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
stereotypic	JJ POS	eng	eng
etherington	PM NOM	eng	eng
kitching	PM NOM	eng	eng
incarcerated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
treason	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cope	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
homeowner	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disenfranchised	JJ POS	eng	eng
superiorities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
blackthorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
bodymass	NN	eng	eng
officers	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
reclaim	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
rebuild	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
calgary	PM NOM	eng	eng
endomines	PM NOM	eng	eng
thaifly	PM NOM	eng	eng
queen's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
ussr	PM NOM	eng	eng
inanimate	JJ POS	eng	eng
luggage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nest	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cox	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
declining	VB ING	eng	eng
cinema	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
channels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
transgressions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
postoperatively	AB	eng	eng
irregularities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
adjourned	JJ	eng	eng
succeeds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
feeds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
prophetic	JJ POS	eng	eng
dichotomously	AB	eng	eng
freely-given	JJ POS	eng	eng
blatant	JJ POS	eng	eng
prerequisite	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
legalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
non-violent	JJ POS	eng	eng
iowa	PM NOM	eng	eng
unsatisfactory	JJ POS	eng	eng
discrepancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
treatment-to-outcome	NN	eng	eng
cognitive-behavior	NN	eng	eng
delicts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cancellations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reap	JJ POS	eng	eng
innocence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
electrifying	JJ	eng	eng
mayday	IN	eng	eng
liberation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cooperates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
pleasurable	JJ POS	eng	eng
imperialisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
conversations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cleared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
yeaton	PM NOM	eng	eng
downhill	AB	eng	eng
traveling	VB ING	eng	eng
staff	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
larch's	PM GEN	eng	eng
curve	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hotel	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reformulates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
daws	PM NOM	eng	eng
cundy	PM NOM	eng	eng
louisianas	PM GEN	eng	eng
vehicle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
astonishments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
check-up	NN	eng	eng
bearer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
diggstown	PM NOM	eng	eng
deviates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
restraints	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preparation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brook	PM NOM	eng	eng
tire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
modulates	VB HSI	eng	eng
phallic	JJ POS	eng	eng
dorothys	PM GEN	eng	eng
the	DT	eng	eng
cathy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shipment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
occlusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
self-enhancement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coolness	NN	eng	eng
foresees	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
epistemology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
toole	PM NOM	eng	eng
harvard	PM NOM	eng	eng
reversals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
evidences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
society's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
casted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ashamed	JJ POS	eng	eng
stringently	AB	eng	eng
relates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
springs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
broadcasts	VB HSI	eng	eng
fluctuate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
contracts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
courtyard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
harley	PM NOM	eng	eng
cary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
refines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
maines	PM GEN	eng	eng
breath	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
lethally	AB	eng	eng
southeast	AB	eng	eng
ashlyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
consensus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prosody	NN	eng	eng
contests	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
collapses	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
entanglement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whose	PN	eng	eng
holyoakes	PM NOM	eng	eng
chaisson	PM NOM	eng	eng
buck	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nursings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anguish	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
weavers	NN	eng	eng
synonymously	AB	eng	eng
aqueous	JJ	eng	eng
sprung	VB PAP	eng	eng
mobility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
housed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
exhaustion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ulcerative	JJ	eng	eng
lovin	NN	eng	eng
worldpeace	NN	eng	eng
colonially	AB	eng	eng
moonwalk	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
visualization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cohabitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
workings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
firehouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
subsidize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
criminalities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subdivisions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
holladay	PM NOM	eng	eng
robots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
internatio	AB	eng	eng
capitalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
extinction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
countershaft	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shallowest	JJ	eng	eng
canterbury	PM NOM	eng	eng
sweatshops	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cutie	NN	eng	eng
banwell	PM NOM	eng	eng
divinity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
motivation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
knive	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
courtesy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
opinionway	PM NOM	eng	eng
journeyman	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
electorally	AB	eng	eng
elaboration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chum	PM NOM	eng	eng
particulate	AB	eng	eng
gilford	PM NOM	eng	eng
wordsworths	PM GEN	eng	eng
laboratories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
disorganization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
where's	AB	eng	eng
ontrack	PM NOM	eng	eng
jump	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
newsdays	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
algerian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
secretively	AB	eng	eng
biophilia	PM NOM	eng	eng
carolyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
grandparent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
traumatizing	VB	eng	eng
school-university	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overpayment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
one-sided	JJ POS	eng	eng
ashner	PM NOM	eng	eng
shelswell	PM NOM	eng	eng
milligan	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
classroom-based	JJ	eng	eng
trusts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
scorgie	PM NOM	eng	eng
wreckless	JJ	eng	eng
bouncing	VB	eng	eng
unquestioning	JJ POS	eng	eng
bang	IN	eng	eng
kasich	PM NOM	eng	eng
truer	JJ KOM	eng	eng
hip-ratio	NN	eng	eng
murdoch	PM NOM	eng	eng
pain	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
assents	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
deconstructive	JJ POS	eng	eng
viewer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
attacking	VB ING	eng	eng
carnahan	PM NOM	eng	eng
arabs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
touted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
glances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rub	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
blokes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dowling	PM NOM	eng	eng
coupon	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-criticism	NN	eng	eng
propose	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
aversive	JJ POS	eng	eng
garfoot	PM NOM	eng	eng
drowned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
distinction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reflections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ethan's	PM GEN	eng	eng
whiteboard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
j-word	NN	eng	eng
fulfilments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
horcoff	PM NOM	eng	eng
ontologically	AB	eng	eng
sang	VB PST	eng	eng
occurrence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
delete	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
consultee's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
recasts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
scratchy	PM NOM	eng	eng
castrated	JJ	eng	eng
amalgamation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
philology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nutritiously	AB	eng	eng
ditched	VB	eng	eng
eminently	AB	eng	eng
well-balanced	JJ POS	eng	eng
radcliffe-brown	PM NOM	eng	eng
weights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
clergies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
prescod	PM NOM	eng	eng
anchoring	VB ING	eng	eng
dogmatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
warrior's	NN PLU	eng	eng
swedev	PM NOM	eng	eng
speakeasy	PM NOM	eng	eng
echelons	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reluctances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
egglesfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
intercommunally	AB	eng	eng
brickleberry	PM NOM	eng	eng
patentability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
planes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lutes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
davecat	PM NOM	eng	eng
preindustrial	JJ POS	eng	eng
rowe	PM NOM	eng	eng
equations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
demonstration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
longevity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
supercoherence	NN	eng	eng
emancipation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neurobiological	JJ POS	eng	eng
sightseers	NN	eng	eng
transgender	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
copyrights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
correspondences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stokoe	PM NOM	eng	eng
abolitionists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crake	PM NOM	eng	eng
suck	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
descends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
peculiarly	JJ POS	eng	eng
flemish	JJ POS	eng	eng
story	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
teleologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
gwinner	PM NOM	eng	eng
censures	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
frailties	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
finished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
new-product	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
protestantisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pathologizing	VB	eng	eng
okayli	PM NOM	eng	eng
perk	PM NOM	eng	eng
unavailability	NN	eng	eng
pad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bolder	JJ	eng	eng
hierarchies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
longbow	NN	eng	eng
colored	JJ POS	eng	eng
creative	JJ POS	eng	eng
o'gradys	PM NOM	eng	eng
astute	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
peculiarity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
disruptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
extrapolation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
vivid	JJ POS	eng	eng
crafts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
propagandas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
comprehension	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcgees	PM GEN	eng	eng
denial	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
equities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
racerunning	NN	eng	eng
beneficence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lassard	PM NOM	eng	eng
outnumber	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stichting	VB ING	eng	eng
4-ever	AB	eng	eng
retirees	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
domiciles	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lachey	PM NOM	eng	eng
casey	PM NOM	eng	eng
shopkeeper	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
soured	VB PRT	eng	eng
mammals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
speedily	AB	eng	eng
fitzpatrick	PM NOM	eng	eng
nativity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
veiled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
multiple-choice	JJ POS	eng	eng
midwives	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
e-government	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winfrey	PM NOM	eng	eng
resitance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
morphology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
presidency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
standardize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
synthesis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
worsteddes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
post-traumatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
migrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
barrel	NN	eng	eng
sincerely	AB	eng	eng
upgrading	VB ING	eng	eng
brittanys	PM GEN	eng	eng
exempting	VB ING	eng	eng
predilections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
applications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
downie	PM NOM	eng	eng
1st	JJ POS	eng	eng
oblique	JJ POS	eng	eng
brentford	PM NOM	eng	eng
premiums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
faris	PM NOM	eng	eng
scope	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
germ	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cabs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
designates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
hedonisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
avalanches	NN	eng	eng
dehumanizing	VB ING	eng	eng
harraway	PM NOM	eng	eng
busier	JJ	eng	eng
shell	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
underlies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
4-year	NN	eng	eng
smokey	PM NOM	eng	eng
baby-shower	NN UTR PLU IND NOM	eng	eng
irvin	PM NOM	eng	eng
miscellaneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
sanctioning	VB ING	eng	eng
pipes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hewison	PM NOM	eng	eng
percents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
watercolours	NN PLU	eng	eng
nordicbet	PM NOM	eng	eng
anaesthesiol	NN	eng	eng
mckinney	PM NOM	eng	eng
precluded	VB PAP	eng	eng
researchers	NN PLU GEN	eng	eng
humanism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mayor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
princes	NN - PLU IND NOM	eng	eng
shipping	VB ING	eng	eng
andragogy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
fragmentary	JJ POS	eng	eng
actualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
substitution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forgive	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
entirely	AB	eng	eng
starved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
metcalfe's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tumbling	JJ	eng	eng
so-called	JJ POS	eng	eng
nationalistic	JJ POS	eng	eng
huts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indicate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
jewellery	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tidying	VB	eng	eng
benevolent	JJ POS	eng	eng
pritchard	PM NOM	eng	eng
costs-findings	NN	eng	eng
bulgaria	PM NOM	eng	eng
preverbal	JJ	eng	eng
overlord	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
showstack	PM NOM	eng	eng
alterable	JJ	eng	eng
intrusion	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
legible	JJ POS	eng	eng
conspired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
offsets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
delegate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mind-maps	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
butterfly	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
convict	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
readjust	VB	eng	eng
assisted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
biologies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
milestone	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
remembered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
twiligt	PM NOM	eng	eng
aquarian	JJ	eng	eng
headmasters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
withstands	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
mathewson	PM NOM	eng	eng
battleground	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bozzio	PM NOM	eng	eng
mimicking	VB ING	eng	eng
despairingly	AB	eng	eng
vagrancies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
renowned	JJ POS	eng	eng
jetcane	PM NOM	eng	eng
yorke	PM NOM	eng	eng
besieged	JJ POS	eng	eng
dekeyser	PM NOM	eng	eng
bogged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
chatroom	NN	eng	eng
dobleday	PM NOM	eng	eng
flaw	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ironbridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
swordfish	NN	eng	eng
domesticating	VB	eng	eng
winona	PM NOM	eng	eng
encapsulating	VB ING	eng	eng
abodes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
busy	JJ POS	eng	eng
volunteers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
theme	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pleased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
advents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
eastmond	PM NOM	eng	eng
comeon	PM NOM	eng	eng
dispossessed	JJ POS	eng	eng
since	KN	eng	eng
panelling	VB	eng	eng
guarantor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
approaching	VB ING	eng	eng
translated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
standard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
archiving	VB ING	eng	eng
reprisals	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grateful	JJ	eng	eng
recount	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
home-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
littered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
classmate	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
media	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crouch	PM NOM	eng	eng
mcmanners	PM NOM	eng	eng
vocation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
revolutionising	VB	eng	eng
seven	RG	eng	eng
creeds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
freemantle	PM NOM	eng	eng
alleging	VB ING	eng	eng
discreetly	AB	eng	eng
self-talk	NN	eng	eng
eurogoals	PM NOM	eng	eng
glenister	PM NOM	eng	eng
washburne	PM NOM	eng	eng
lofty	AB	eng	eng
buzz	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elkington	PM NOM	eng	eng
good-reason-assay	NN	eng	eng
regressing	VB ING	eng	eng
sarcasm	NN	eng	eng
brand-names	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
anfield	PM NOM	eng	eng
monopolizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
lear	PM NOM	eng	eng
decode	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
old	JJ POS	eng	eng
crossing-over	NN	eng	eng
tenors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
politicians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kacey	PM NOM	eng	eng
hoylake	PM NOM	eng	eng
complaining	VB ING	eng	eng
delivering	VB ING	eng	eng
pacificator	PM NOM	eng	eng
til	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
discontinued	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
slowdown	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
indoctrination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nomads	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
environmentalisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
colleges	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
indigenously	AB	eng	eng
infringe	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
investigators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
goyle	PM NOM	eng	eng
clearest	JJ KOM	eng	eng
pasta	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lee's	PM GEN	eng	eng
phenomenographic	JJ POS	eng	eng
reinterpretation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elizabeth's	PM GEN	eng	eng
anteriorly	AB	eng	eng
level	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
renfrewshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
mccaw	PM NOM	eng	eng
illegitimately	AB	eng	eng
twenty-four	RG	eng	eng
willesden	PM NOM	eng	eng
apprehends	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
assurances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
curtice	PM NOM	eng	eng
singers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dianne's	PM GEN	eng	eng
shearon	PM NOM	eng	eng
referenced	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
freelancers	NN	eng	eng
waits	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
coercing	VB ING	eng	eng
guide	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
untucked	JJ	eng	eng
publicprivate	JJ POS	eng	eng
disproves	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
expedites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
swells	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
diarrhoea	NN	eng	eng
wookies	NN PLU	eng	eng
conceptualise	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
imitates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
juvenile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
richmond	PM NOM	eng	eng
waxed	VB PRT	eng	eng
processes	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
pertwee	PM NOM	eng	eng
woolpowers	PM GEN	eng	eng
abnormal	JJ POS	eng	eng
riversides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
research-based	JJ POS	eng	eng
conversational	JJ POS	eng	eng
representativeness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cosmopolitanisms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
riseley	PM NOM	eng	eng
myrah	PM NOM	eng	eng
anthropology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ga	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
confident	JJ POS	eng	eng
movable	JJ POS	eng	eng
ideationally	AB	eng	eng
thresholds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resection	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
freshmen	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
interests	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
biodata	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
riddled	JJ POS	eng	eng
script	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bolingbroke	PM NOM	eng	eng
unreflective	JJ POS	eng	eng
ridiculous	JJ POS	eng	eng
cranham	PM NOM	eng	eng
stochastic	JJ POS	eng	eng
potassium	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overlook	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
bookhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
night	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
evaluatively	AB	eng	eng
subsides	NN PLU	eng	eng
achievers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
subtexts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emotive	JJ POS	eng	eng
breakers	NN	eng	eng
cambridgeshire	PM NOM	eng	eng
format	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
democratisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
x-mas	NN	eng	eng
actualize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
prayers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
skirt	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undergrounds	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
juke	PM NOM	eng	eng
allocates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
weightman	PM NOM	eng	eng
instrumentation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subunits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trawling	VB ING	eng	eng
charm	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cognates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
palms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
heatedly	AB	eng	eng
woodrow	PM NOM	eng	eng
trial	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
racist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
group	PM NOM	eng	eng
powerment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
waverly	PM NOM	eng	eng
end-expiratory	JJ	eng	eng
heartfield's	PM GEN	eng	eng
nagging	VB ING	eng	eng
sampled	JJ POS	eng	eng
acknowledged	VB PAP	eng	eng
simplifications	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
hotly	AB	eng	eng
patmore	PM NOM	eng	eng
edged	JJ POS	eng	eng
iconoil	PM NOM	eng	eng
lithuanian	JJ	eng	eng
reduction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
amnesic	JJ POS	eng	eng
iranians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
kitchings	PM GEN	eng	eng
healths	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
recombinate	JJ	eng	eng
afforestation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misled	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
hermeneutically	AB	eng	eng
unintegrated	JJ	eng	eng
crash	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
sherlocks	PM GEN	eng	eng
portraiture	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
caped	VB	eng	eng
designation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nuances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
furthest	JJ SUP	eng	eng
u-turn	NN	eng	eng
megamuscle	PM NOM	eng	eng
watered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
militant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
copyrighted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
slacks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
unlimited	JJ POS	eng	eng
briefly	AB	eng	eng
surfaces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
tattooing	VB ING	eng	eng
client-therapist	NN	eng	eng
verbs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
warnock	PM NOM	eng	eng
stalinism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
destructively	AB	eng	eng
wife	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
incense	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
coolants	NN	eng	eng
thanksgivings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
faints	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
ridicule	JJ POS	eng	eng
bisexualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bombardments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
programmatic	JJ POS	eng	eng
arconic	PM NOM	eng	eng
catch-all	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcdonaghs	PM GEN	eng	eng
vanquished	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
macho	JJ POS	eng	eng
researcher's	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
multi-ethnic	JJ POS	eng	eng
guesswork	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
withdrew	VB PST	eng	eng
sad	JJ POS	eng	eng
penguine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intensifies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
needy	JJ POS	eng	eng
forbearances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pornographies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mclagan	PM NOM	eng	eng
freedomhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
environicsinternational	JJ POS	eng	eng
shentons	PM GEN	eng	eng
springboards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reconsiderations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intimate	JJ POS	eng	eng
recited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
clinic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
returns	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
blur	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
cresskill	PM NOM	eng	eng
predicts	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
circumstances	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bricklayer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
breadwinners	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crewe	PM NOM	eng	eng
awards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
instructs	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
fright	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
subcentral	JJ POS	eng	eng
spatially	AB	eng	eng
prehistories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
preschool-teacher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
flanagan	PM NOM	eng	eng
pharaohs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cardinal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
violets	PM GEN	eng	eng
shae	PM NOM	eng	eng
accessions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
homehelp	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unlawfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
camerone	PM NOM	eng	eng
tenet	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
corporations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bathhouses	NN PLU	eng	eng
dowry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
capable	JJ POS	eng	eng
wolseley	PM NOM	eng	eng
factually	AB	eng	eng
kirkpatrick's	PM GEN	eng	eng
catastrophe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apprehended	VB PAP	eng	eng
superstitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
continents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
something	PN	eng	eng
forfeited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
grandpa	NN	eng	eng
artglazes	PM NOM	eng	eng
influencing	VB ING	eng	eng
treks	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
individualisations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
shire	PM NOM	eng	eng
tractors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mccallister	PM NOM	eng	eng
bellflower	PM NOM	eng	eng
narrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
beastly	JJ	eng	eng
daren	PM NOM	eng	eng
flawlessly	AB	eng	eng
shawna	PM NOM	eng	eng
linkin	PM NOM	eng	eng
underlines	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
sighted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
shelf	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
voice-over	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unreal	JJ POS	eng	eng
gameplayer	NN	eng	eng
oversees	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
algerians	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mondrian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
deficient	JJ POS	eng	eng
mediated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
undead	NN	eng	eng
substantiating	VB ING	eng	eng
reinvented	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
guiltless	JJ	eng	eng
ideology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reactance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parody	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bedroom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
consolidations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
elwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
online	JJ POS	eng	eng
refiguration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
clow	PM NOM	eng	eng
well-intentioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
lothian	PM NOM	eng	eng
ammotrack	PM NOM	eng	eng
collectors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
didn't	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
marketed	JJ POS	eng	eng
fortuitously	AB	eng	eng
high-frequency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cashandra	PM NOM	eng	eng
punctuations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flashlight	NN	eng	eng
milligans	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cages	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
uniting	VB ING	eng	eng
moved	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
caird	PM NOM	eng	eng
fervor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
yellow	JJ POS	eng	eng
theism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overreaching	VB	eng	eng
article	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
imagined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
marsh	PM NOM	eng	eng
fifty	RG	eng	eng
eyebrows	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
realising	VB ING	eng	eng
targets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
paraphrases	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
co-ordinating	VB ING	eng	eng
historical	JJ POS	eng	eng
apronectomy	NN	eng	eng
surplus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sentient	JJ POS	eng	eng
jersey	PM NOM	eng	eng
semi-sovereign	JJ POS	eng	eng
pronouncements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
deferentially	AB	eng	eng
inchmurrin	PM NOM	eng	eng
excavation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emitted	JJ POS	eng	eng
allays	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
regeneration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preston	PM NOM	eng	eng
epochs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accordion	NN	eng	eng
refusing	VB ING	eng	eng
volunteered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dutyfree	NN	eng	eng
striate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
spaceship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
chari	PM NOM	eng	eng
occupationally	AB	eng	eng
conduits	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rationalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concept	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
interventional	JJ	eng	eng
phenomenally	AB	eng	eng
macnutt	PM NOM	eng	eng
yersey	PM NOM	eng	eng
ethic	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
durward	PM NOM	eng	eng
informed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
firethorn	PM NOM	eng	eng
reversal	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
elude	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
evidence	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
forts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
compose	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
psychoterapeutic	JJ POS	eng	eng
non-governmental	JJ POS	eng	eng
warner's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tripled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mexico	PM NOM	eng	eng
macronutrients	NN PLU	eng	eng
fitzwilliam	PM NOM	eng	eng
afloat	AB	eng	eng
existed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
saddlebrook	PM NOM	eng	eng
dramatisations	NN PLU	eng	eng
flanking	VB ING	eng	eng
modulate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
recordkeeping	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recurrent	JJ POS	eng	eng
shipments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rainey	PM NOM	eng	eng
maccandless	PM NOM	eng	eng
externalizes	VB	eng	eng
material-oriented	JJ	eng	eng
psyche	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
virgin	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
collapse	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
redefinitions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
yes	IN	eng	eng
antibody	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sinful	JJ POS	eng	eng
charts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sensitivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
identical	JJ POS	eng	eng
unluckily	AB	eng	eng
differed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
preacher's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
fancying	VB ING	eng	eng
co-opted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
trance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scoreds	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
contract	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
linsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
maintainability	NN	eng	eng
finder	PM NOM	eng	eng
illinois	PM NOM	eng	eng
checked	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
reigned	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
populated	JJ POS	eng	eng
unnoticed	JJ POS	eng	eng
mcgrone	PM NOM	eng	eng
solemnly	AB	eng	eng
spaceships	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
smart	JJ POS	eng	eng
caldwells	PM NOM	eng	eng
sensors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
byebyecya	PM NOM	eng	eng
caveats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sticker	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lancer	PM NOM	eng	eng
deeming	VB ING	eng	eng
onethird	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
livelihoods	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
session-by-session	NN	eng	eng
skirts	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
reported	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
warthen	PM NOM	eng	eng
railways	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rally	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nights	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
justice	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
whitcup	PM NOM	eng	eng
entitling	VB ING	eng	eng
parliaments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
accurate	JJ POS	eng	eng
promulgations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soldier	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sentimentality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hinging	VB ING	eng	eng
groups	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
leninist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
handy	JJ POS	eng	eng
trials	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
inhibition	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cornforth	PM NOM	eng	eng
transitive	JJ POS	eng	eng
malaria	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcguinnies	PM NOM	eng	eng
policewomen	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
charms	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
southon	PM NOM	eng	eng
abstentions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jack	PM NOM	eng	eng
hallidays	PM GEN	eng	eng
revolutionised	VB PRT	eng	eng
atwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
were	VB PST	eng	eng
encouragingly	AB	eng	eng
postcard	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
geared	JJ POS	eng	eng
procures	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
spanish	PM NOM	eng	eng
embryonic	JJ POS	eng	eng
tripartite	JJ POS	eng	eng
economics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
garderen	PM NOM	eng	eng
markers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
spaniards	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dryly	AB	eng	eng
learners	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
ashbourne	PM NOM	eng	eng
composers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
grader	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
effluent	JJ POS	eng	eng
mailings	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
morton's	PM GEN	eng	eng
gumballs	NN PLU	eng	eng
careerism	NN	eng	eng
sacredness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
arresting	VB ING	eng	eng
priebus	PM NOM	eng	eng
mock	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
summarization	NN	eng	eng
fleeing	VB ING	eng	eng
err	IN	eng	eng
yorkers	PM GEN	eng	eng
slack	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
thirteen	RG	eng	eng
etiologically	AB	eng	eng
marlowes	PM GEN	eng	eng
theorems	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
fluent	JJ POS	eng	eng
underline	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
squatters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
unjust	JJ POS	eng	eng
administration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
narration	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
proactive	JJ POS	eng	eng
parallelism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
underwrites	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
vice-presidents	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
faint	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
draws	VB PRS SHI	eng	eng
cent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
woolfson	PM NOM	eng	eng
genuineness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
continent	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
repressively	AB	eng	eng
self-ownership	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
despite	KN	eng	eng
mobilizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
toohey	PM NOM	eng	eng
modernization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
putnam	PM NOM	eng	eng
ashby's	PM GEN	eng	eng
branthwaite	PM NOM	eng	eng
bathhouse	NN	eng	eng
strangeness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
meech	PM NOM	eng	eng
facially	AB	eng	eng
immediacy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
memorandums	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
intertextualities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
harmonized	VB PAP	eng	eng
islamophobia	NN	eng	eng
schoolteacher	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
two-face	PM NOM	eng	eng
undertaken	VB PAP	eng	eng
rebuilt	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
sgt	AB	eng	eng
dazed	PM NOM	eng	eng
seedhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
louann	PM NOM	eng	eng
databases	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
flippingout	VB	eng	eng
jamie-lee	PM NOM	eng	eng
coca	PM NOM	eng	eng
collector	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
expediency	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
governing	VB ING	eng	eng
tulip	NN	eng	eng
an	DT	eng	eng
mitigated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
rachel's	PM GEN	eng	eng
mcgowan	PM NOM	eng	eng
cosmos	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cynicism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
orchestrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
specy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
oneplus	PM NOM	eng	eng
o'byrne	PM NOM	eng	eng
shakespeer	PM NOM	eng	eng
cross-national	JJ POS	eng	eng
orchids	PM NOM	eng	eng
immunodeficiencies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
pointed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
heavens	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brundage	PM NOM	eng	eng
harmonious	JJ POS	eng	eng
unacceptable	JJ POS	eng	eng
tribune	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
catharsis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
preferentially	AB	eng	eng
switching	VB ING	eng	eng
award	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
retirement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inject	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
windshear	PM NOM	eng	eng
cohere	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
victim	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
doorson	PM NOM	eng	eng
yielding	VB ING	eng	eng
self-realization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ordinarily	AB	eng	eng
catch-alls	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
liberalize	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fairview	PM NOM	eng	eng
pillars	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lydstep	PM NOM	eng	eng
getaway	PM NOM	eng	eng
encouraged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tenets	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
source	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lioner	PM NOM	eng	eng
braw	PM NOM	eng	eng
wellbeing	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
dissolution	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
hokey	PM NOM	eng	eng
licensing	VB ING	eng	eng
martial	JJ POS	eng	eng
ballots	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cushing	PM NOM	eng	eng
generalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
vaccine	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sanctuary	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
potting	VB	eng	eng
blockage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
shelfs	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
crib	NN	eng	eng
burger's	PM GEN	eng	eng
treated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
enclosed	JJ POS	eng	eng
politics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suppression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emigrant	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
standing	VB ING	eng	eng
nominee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inflammatory	JJ POS	eng	eng
josh	PM NOM	eng	eng
fluidity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
masterpieces	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
moralists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
landless	JJ POS	eng	eng
run	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
whistleblower	NN	eng	eng
phenomenological	AB	eng	eng
doctrinal	JJ POS	eng	eng
accession	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
truthfulness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
albeit	KN	eng	eng
puzzled	JJ POS	eng	eng
hyatte	PM NOM	eng	eng
schoolhouse	JJ POS UTR/NEU SIN DEF NOM	eng	eng
dismally	AB	eng	eng
achievements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soilwork	PM NOM	eng	eng
cassettes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
lifetimes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
emotionalizing	VB ING	eng	eng
bundle	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
angie's	PM GEN	eng	eng
tailwind	NN	eng	eng
makerspace	PM NOM	eng	eng
shifted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
deniers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
charger	NN	eng	eng
malpractices	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
materialization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overtly	AB	eng	eng
taxonomy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
democratic	JJ POS	eng	eng
amusing	JJ POS	eng	eng
aucoin	PM NOM	eng	eng
titchmarsh	PM NOM	eng	eng
exeter's	PM GEN	eng	eng
heterogeneous	JJ POS	eng	eng
decisionmakers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
strawberry	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
masquerades	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dundonald	PM NOM	eng	eng
woburn	PM NOM	eng	eng
achieve	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
guaranteeing	VB ING	eng	eng
actualizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
cherrybomb	NN UTR SIN IND NOM	eng	eng
categorizes	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
second	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
exhaustive	JJ POS	eng	eng
allay	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
muchamore	PM NOM	eng	eng
soundtrack	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
magistracy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
area's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
hussey	PM NOM	eng	eng
cared	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
bourgeoisies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
middle-class	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
woodbine	PM NOM	eng	eng
baywatch	PM NOM	eng	eng
shaking	VB ING	eng	eng
haitian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
they've	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
harness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
nobody's	NN - - - GEN	eng	eng
boulerice	PM NOM	eng	eng
mapped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
suspend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
freshwaters	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
resections	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
threshold	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ethics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
abstracting	VB ING	eng	eng
amnesia	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recreation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
jurisprudences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
epoch	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
filmmaking	VB ING	eng	eng
massively	AB	eng	eng
levite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
grigsby	PM NOM	eng	eng
bark	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
mckenna	PM NOM	eng	eng
o'dwyer	PM NOM	eng	eng
bed	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
sprang	VB PST	eng	eng
synthesised	JJ POS	eng	eng
quantification	PM GEN	eng	eng
newham	PM NOM	eng	eng
riverside	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychiatrist	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bookkeeping	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mc-graw	PM NOM	eng	eng
macfarlane	PM NOM	eng	eng
woolpower	PM NOM	eng	eng
surrendering	VB ING	eng	eng
fraternities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
carper	PM NOM	eng	eng
tanked	JJ	eng	eng
drainage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
activates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
disparately	AB	eng	eng
rehearsing	VB ING	eng	eng
freight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
pan-africanism	NN	eng	eng
reductions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
agency's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
mcguires	PM GEN	eng	eng
academics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rightly	AB	eng	eng
ornaments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
cans	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
erskines	PM GEN	eng	eng
dispensed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pursed	JJ	eng	eng
curricula	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unified	JJ POS	eng	eng
watonwan	PM NOM	eng	eng
mysteria	PM NOM	eng	eng
pond	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
aminosalicylic	JJ	eng	eng
believed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
outnumbered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
akin	JJ POS	eng	eng
mash	PM NOM	eng	eng
e-moderators	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
radicalizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
righteous	JJ POS	eng	eng
devastations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
jaimee	PM NOM	eng	eng
skims	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
citizenguard	PM NOM	eng	eng
gyro	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
post-fordism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cunninghams	PM GEN	eng	eng
icarly	PM NOM	eng	eng
linearly	AB	eng	eng
chart	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
emigrations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
expounded	JJ POS	eng	eng
drug-resistant	JJ	eng	eng
strangely	AB	eng	eng
intrapreneurship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inert	JJ POS	eng	eng
pressley	PM NOM	eng	eng
illumination	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
privatisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bathroom	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
spaceback	PM NOM	eng	eng
reworded	JJ POS	eng	eng
immunologic	JJ POS	eng	eng
genuinely	AB	eng	eng
prospectus	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
recurve	NN	eng	eng
supranationally	AB	eng	eng
swedehealth	PM NOM	eng	eng
albany	PM NOM	eng	eng
finalizes	VB	eng	eng
safety	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rite	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bloke	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
foulkes	PM NOM	eng	eng
devotionally	AB	eng	eng
retire	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
appearance-reality	NN	eng	eng
glucose	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
contours	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
montgomery	PM NOM	eng	eng
connotatively	AB	eng	eng
neutralises	VB	eng	eng
fatburger	PM NOM	eng	eng
peered	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
29th	JJ POS	eng	eng
cognitivebehavioral	JJ	eng	eng
unusuals	NN PLU	eng	eng
metrics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rothin	PM NOM	eng	eng
imported	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fieldhouse	PM NOM	eng	eng
classmates	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
sake	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
group-working	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ageof	PM NOM	eng	eng
xscape	PM NOM	eng	eng
holley	PM NOM	eng	eng
big	JJ POS	eng	eng
hand-over-hand	NN	eng	eng
idlewild	PM NOM	eng	eng
list	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
psychogenic	JJ POS	eng	eng
mingled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pemberton	PM NOM	eng	eng
redresses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
maximal	JJ POS	eng	eng
facilely	AB	eng	eng
plane	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
intelligences	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
contravention	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
steamboat	NN	eng	eng
drumline	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
plasmas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
rowley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
pervasive	JJ POS	eng	eng
assurance	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cognitivism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
apprehend	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
wagsley	PM NOM	eng	eng
subdivided	JJ POS	eng	eng
leveraged	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
fooled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
nonverbally	AB	eng	eng
bromwichs	PM GEN	eng	eng
safegarded	JJ POS	eng	eng
doesnt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
morrow's	PM GEN	eng	eng
archaic	JJ POS	eng	eng
borrow	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
destination's	NN SIN GEN	eng	eng
mind-set	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
mcgee	PM NOM	eng	eng
smiling	VB ING	eng	eng
globalization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bakeation	PM NOM	eng	eng
intrusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
suction	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
springwood	PM NOM	eng	eng
stronger	JJ KOM	eng	eng
crowston	PM NOM	eng	eng
combats	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mcnally	PM NOM	eng	eng
eccleston	PM NOM	eng	eng
task	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
armenian	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
street	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
validly	AB	eng	eng
craft	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
conceptualisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
kingship	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
reince	PM NOM	eng	eng
ashworth	PM NOM	eng	eng
amazement	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
denies	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
burson's	PM GEN	eng	eng
blight	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
crowded	JJ POS	eng	eng
speaking	VB ING	eng	eng
godfathers	NN PL	eng	eng
pitching	VB ING	eng	eng
impressively	AB	eng	eng
macneill	PM NOM	eng	eng
confined	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
turkeys	PM NOM	eng	eng
filmed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
ecology	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
buffy's	PM GEN	eng	eng
percentile	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
one-on-one	JJ POS	eng	eng
exhibit	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
caseys	PM GEN	eng	eng
lapsing	VB ING	eng	eng
aspirins	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
distributed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unanswerable	JJ POS	eng	eng
progress	NN IND NOM	eng	eng
guarantors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
soils	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
situate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dissociate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
fragments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
usually	AB	eng	eng
supervisors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
incompatibility	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
staunching	VB ING	eng	eng
posers	PM NOM	eng	eng
recipe	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cheated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
volunteer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
lioness	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ness	NN	eng	eng
honeydew	PM NOM	eng	eng
assortments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
mermaids	NN	eng	eng
clockwork	NN	eng	eng
watched	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
commissioned	JJ POS	eng	eng
lifting	VB ING	eng	eng
marshall	PM NOM	eng	eng
exclamation	NN	eng	eng
ashley	PM NOM	eng	eng
british	PM NOM	eng	eng
shells	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
straighter	JJ	eng	eng
triglyceride	NN	eng	eng
seropositivity	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
brice	PM NOM	eng	eng
wiseau	PM NOM	eng	eng
bee	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
undefined	JJ POS	eng	eng
owing	PM NOM	eng	eng
smalley's	PM GEN	eng	eng
revenue	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
prompt	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
centralization	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
scopes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
regiment	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
withstand	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
outerbridge	PM NOM	eng	eng
chenoweth	PM NOM	eng	eng
milestones	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
ogres	PM GEN	eng	eng
single	JJ POS	eng	eng
mayors	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
raspberries	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
musky	PM NOM	eng	eng
introductions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
federalists	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
secularized	JJ POS	eng	eng
skinny	JJ	eng	eng
thickes	PM GEN	eng	eng
sister	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
landrum's	PM GEN	eng	eng
delimited	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
o'sunday	PM NOM	eng	eng
unabated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
readjustments	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
coagulation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
bullying	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
judy	PM NOM	eng	eng
comedies	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
peacemaking	VB ING	eng	eng
colonisation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
parham	PM NOM	eng	eng
dandy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gorgeous	JJ	eng	eng
tightening	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
outnumbers	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
completions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
concentrates	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
january	NN	eng	eng
philosophically	AB	eng	eng
inquisitive	JJ	eng	eng
revenge	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
winterton	PM NOM	eng	eng
victimizations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
endnote	NN	eng	eng
exceptionally	AB	eng	eng
quinton	PM NOM	eng	eng
debater	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
persuasively	AB	eng	eng
extensively	AB	eng	eng
unanimously	JJ POS	eng	eng
interrupters	NN	eng	eng
ambient	JJ POS	eng	eng
muzzle	NN	eng	eng
housley	PM NOM	eng	eng
buffer	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
designate	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
stoke-on-trent	PM NOM	eng	eng
murderers	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
habitually	AB	eng	eng
storming	VB ING	eng	eng
bounded	VB PAP	eng	eng
graham	PM NOM	eng	eng
negotiations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
brentfords	PM GEN	eng	eng
purchased	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
mayborn	PM NOM	eng	eng
themes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
penises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
acted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
availability	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
unpopularity	NN	eng	eng
sanctification	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
campfires	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
stigmatizing	VB ING	eng	eng
delusions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
juicy	JJ	eng	eng
north-holland	PM NOM	eng	eng
pasley	PM NOM	eng	eng
wrongdoing	JJ POS	eng	eng
humbling	VB	eng	eng
wyoming	PM NOM	eng	eng
abode	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
dusted	VB	eng	eng
followup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
self-confidently	AB	eng	eng
peake	PM NOM	eng	eng
hunt	PM NOM	eng	eng
deficit	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
overloads	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
invitation	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
misfortune	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
poorly	AB	eng	eng
jessalyn	PM NOM	eng	eng
creed	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
germanwatch	PM NOM	eng	eng
directories	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
discernedly	AB	eng	eng
locations	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
dreamed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
oral	JJ POS	eng	eng
doorknob	NN	eng	eng
solidarities	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
visualism	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
tracheal	JJ	eng	eng
medias	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
bearable	JJ	eng	eng
immorality	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
placebo-controlled	JJ	eng	eng
ranks	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
kettlebell	NN	eng	eng
subgroup	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
gaze	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
neocortex	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
inscriptions	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
triune	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
market-oriented	JJ POS	eng	eng
acquainted	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
unresponsive	JJ POS	eng	eng
coldwater	NN	eng	eng
oligarchs	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
cuba's	PM GEN	eng	eng
dorm	NN	eng	eng
twenty16	PM NOM	eng	eng
ever	AB	eng	eng
oppression	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
monolingually	AB	eng	eng
labelled	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
tenor	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
half-lives	NN PLU	eng	eng
young	JJ POS	eng	eng
reached	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
double-edged	JJ POS	eng	eng
suppresses	VB PRS HSI	eng	eng
merrier	JJ	eng	eng
sabotage	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
ensured	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
browse	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
nomad	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
rajeev	PM NOM	eng	eng
enquired	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
pastas	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
minimizing	VB ING	eng	eng
proverb	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
zooming	VB ING	eng	eng
tortoises	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
negroes	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
levels	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
maclaverty	PM NOM	eng	eng
wildintention	PM NOM	eng	eng
swell	VB INF-PRS	eng	eng
copyright	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
familiy	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
infringements	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
trayvon	PM NOM	eng	eng
bradley	PM NOM	eng	eng
gothic	JJ POS	eng	eng
darkling	PM NOM	eng	eng
policed	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
dietary	JJ POS	eng	eng
avenger	NN	eng	eng
ethnomathematics	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
swamped	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
jackass	PM NOM	eng	eng
sheffs	PM NOM	eng	eng
searles	PM NOM	eng	eng
guides	NN PLU NOM	eng	eng
semiosis	NN SIN NOM	eng	eng
feverish	JJ	eng	eng
segregated	VB PST-PAP	eng	eng
raw	JJ POS	eng	eng
